four three two one boom so I took a four
and a half hour ride down to San Diego
cuz my friend Brendan was filling his
Showtime special yeah and it was run the
jewels the entire way down and back
thank you
it was awesome thank you whoo I wish I
could work out as hard as people work
outside music I've lost 31 pounds but
I'd be 90 pounds out easy now that was
one of the things this is workout music
yeah it is it is and Ella and I are
chubby is too fast well you were saying
you lost 31 pounds yeah there may be
picked up three over there but I'm on my
path I really am shots out to Al
Claiborne who's from out here who's a
hell of a trainer if I had his
discipline I'd already be hundred pounds
down but the gold is 100 and the next 18
months you can do it yeah I don't know
something that's just just eat bad and
got lazy yeah but you know what man you
could turn it it's one of those things
where you just if you could stick with
it for 90 days it'll become a part of
your life well that's the goal that's
the goal you know I mean and and and I'm
about it like cuz I like me so I still
get to eat me and I like green stuff and
I don't like salad dressing so I think
it's lonely road to you easy for me
yeah like olive oil and vinegar does not
taste bad bro I don't even views that
like when I have a salad one wife makes
salad she literally I'll make the salad
she may add a little goat cheese or not
she'll you know mate she'll tell some
chicken or some sake on there but if
it's fruit in the salad I don't need any
salad dressing just throw some
strawberries and some apples or
something something that just give me
that spry of juicing and I'm good yeah
if I could figure out doing that three
to four times a day versus the one meal
and with my wife and then eating like
trash in the studio I'll be rad that's
the problems from the temptation rules
and you see burgers and fries yeah fuck
it you see a coca-cola yeah that that
really is it from me Swiss sodas the
worst which is which is which brings me
to cripple Cola yeah so what is cripple
Cola bottles of it but I wanted to keep
in the fridge yet I want to enjoy it in
its perfect temperature coca-cola
pepsi-cola RC Cola anything with Cola
right has probably killed more Americans
than anything else in the world right so
anything that's Cola because Coca Cola's
provided tons of jobs in my hometown I
won't want to diss them they might
concert am i right but we know that
sugary drinks aren't good for you right
yet we don't have an aversion to we
don't criminalize sugar and my doctor
Lily told me Michael sugars poison right
I want you to work it out of your diet
but these kids that are members of these
little punk-ass Street fraternities
essentially gangs we criminalized and
villainize a bunch of teenagers who
simply don't have anything to do they
don't have jobs they don't have skills
they don't have organization they don't
have Police Athletic League like they
used to they don't have people engaging
them in academics or sports where they
used to so they're just kind of you know
mess off fuck off sometimes fuck up and
violence happens right if you could take
those same kids with the entrepreneurial
spirit that'll sell you water on the
side of a highway you add it to
something the public already wants
anyway Cola
you create something like cripple : B
pop and essentially what you're doing is
creating the same sugary shit that we
all go by and drinking we shouldn't and
now we're giving the structure of sale
Hells Angels to say yeah you can say
we're a criminal organization but we
still can sell your fucking t-shirt
because we're now paying our taxes we're
now employing people and we're now doing
we're supposed to do and that's what I
wanted to give the gift of my friends
who are members of Street fraternities
and we actually pulled it off at the
show these guys actually managed to
bring something it's in microcosm to the
market in Atlanta it did well enough for
us to keep continue doing it and I want
to see how far I can go and what's in it
sugar water artificial for artificial
arm
what is it food color and flavor and
that's it and I think it's six
ingredients so have you ever do you know
what Sevilla is if you fuck with XIV you
mean the fake sugary stuff you use it's
no Sevilla is soft drinks that are made
with stevia yeah but the thing is like
you know what I found out with me was
sugar it's either just do it or don't
like for me it's easier to do things
that are actually a real just sugar like
a Mexican Coke or just have you know
some carbonated water with lemons in it
now I don't do well with the invitation
it's kind of like in the handjob I want
the whole thing I know what you're
saying but this stuff is good it's it's
different
just imperious did it it's just my I am
such an addict doesn't want the real
thing yeah so it doesn't make sense for
me sometimes to tempt myself like I jump
water I just I do a lot of water now
lot more water now and I do a lot of
club soda with lime which I used to talk
shit to LP about drinking white guy
drinks and now it's ul is ordering a
fucking you know he's ordering a drink
drinking I'm just like I'll take a club
soda in line that's good man if you
could stick on that path
shout out to my man bariloche who is a
friend and mentor a lot of times you
might see a guy with me does security
bear introduced me to shaolin kung fu
even basically kicking and punching and
moving around and he also introduced me
to a lot of the guests that on your show
um including you know guests that talk
about in a minute fasting nuns about
getting rid of sugars and stuff and he
just loves me like a big brother so he
keeps me in tune but what's going on he
actually introduced me to stevia always
good to know garlic that got its finger
in the pulse I like to know people that
are smarter than me so I don't have to
learn as much I can just go to them with
questions yeah that's the move yeah I
don't I don't like being the smartest
guy no well I don't have that choice
that's that options not possible you
need to get another rule fuck that yeah
I mean talking to Elon Musk on the show
about that when he was talking about the
thoughts that are bouncing around inside
of his head that he can't control and
then he's it's always been his whole
life like he wouldn't want to be me I
was like Jesus Christ I'm just thinking
about it I thought I did something cool
smoking with Maher and that was
definitely cool but you get in he musta
fucking smoked his classic stoner
history and they're making right there
yeah I didn't even the thing about it is
if I had any idea that people would
react to it that way
I mean I would just do that on a normal
show that's normal yeah it's like oh I
smoke weed it's no big deal it's fun
it's a circus camaraderie thing
everybody thinks oh I think everybody's
sharing space together it's absolutely
one of the only things you sip off that
another man's lips touched like
everybody does it yeah well women too
but we just don't admit to ourselves
that there's another guy that's true but
that's like it's been washed yeah to
join the person no wash like if someone
did give you a haul off of their cigar
try this but get the fuck out of here
actually had action Noriega did that to
me Manuel nor you know that I may well
know it Noriega the rapper Oh Victor
Santiago yeah cigars ignore you how
cigars and Don cope and I'm not a
cocaine user but I would have definitely
yeah my wife talked about going to
Columbia and I said honey I've never
said this to you she said what I said if
we're going to Columbia we're gonna do
cocaine I said of all the places in the
world I said no to cocaine everywhere
from Dubai to Denver but in Columbia I
say fuck it we're here with the source
yeah when you're in Hawaii you eat POI
yeah I would try for sure those leaves
the chewing of the companies and in Peru
when you as you ascend up the mountain
shots out to immortal technique my
Peruvian rap friend I love that - yeah I
do - I think man I've been on a couple
times he's a great you have a great
human being that guy brought me a plate
of his grandma's food to the podcast
studio that's how down-home that dude is
he's one of the best movies but a plate
of food he's a great human man like he's
a great he that like that's more of the
stuff I'm saying people need to do
instead of arguing ideas and extremes
you need to get with people who don't
look like you are not culturally alike
yeah and you need to allow them to do
things like that because that means
friendships empathy and builds bridges
instead of burning well he's just a real
dude he is he's a real dude like who he
is I mean that is who he is yes got very
strict ethics in his mind he's smart
he's like a soldier you know in terms of
how he thinks and operates and takes
care of his people and moves you know he
took me on my first to love rap music as
what rap music before me and ela went
out together I went out with him you
know I mean we ran through the south
together and I just he was just pro all
the way and we became friends and I just
love him to death now and I go to war
with him any day yeah he's a great dude
I've hung out with him a few times
yeah liked him a lot came to my mother's
funeral god bless his soul really yeah I
believe that that sounds like him yeah
yeah it's there's good people out there
man even in show business wacky ass show
business yeah yeah there are good people
in show biz none of the people in
offices you can trust but the talent
we're okay
yeah well then the office is this some
good folks out there there's some good
agents and good people they get a bad
rap you know what it is man it's just
fucking hard you imagine how hard it is
and you know how hard it is to make it
in in entertainment as a performer Yeah
right you know your path hoe it's
fucking difficult for everybody now
imagine you have to rely on other people
performing you have to pick the winners
figure out who's gonna work for you
bunch of addicts and emos like in terms
of the talent like we're we're I know I
get my managers headaches three four
days a week god bless your soul you know
I know I do I really like my friend
today was with me um he's a promoter 8e
right Eric Miller so when I met him we
were doing a show we were booked to do a
show me and another artist well the
other artists contract didn't say pay
regardless mine said pay regardless so
after the show where's my fucking money
and everyone's like what are you talking
about you don't get paid I'm like no I
was my fucking money or I think it may
have been before like I'm not going on
and he ends up snatching in another
office like look I won't fucking pay you
don't tell the other fucking guy oh jeez
that's it and that's how we became
friends I took my money acted like I
didn't get paid talk shit about them in
front of the other guy they call them
later like man I don't know what the
fuck made you hold cold but thank you
and we're even princess so when he
called me and said you going to Joe
Rogan's experience I'm like you're
coming with me
that's hilarious yeah I'm those sketchy
gigs we're not sure if you're gonna get
paid I know it's the chitlin circuit you
know it's like me and T I playing
Montgomery Alabama in 2003 you know wow
it's fun the chitlin circuit is fun I
would advise anyone who who likes like
you know you like Street RAF to get to
the south and get to one of those small
clubs where that everybody's accepted
and just go watch those kids as they
grow up you're gonna see some hell of a
show now how does a manager find a
rapper
how does like an agent find a rapper how
does that work it works a lot of the
local shows yeah local shows I will say
like in Atlanta
Meech and key who both management their
management 421 savage they've been on
the Atlanta scene for years cultivating
young talent whether it was grip pliers
rest in peace
to two to nine which was another group
out of Atlanta and all these kids were
dope you know some worked out some
didn't on group that grip died of cancer
unfortunately I'm to nine members went
their separate ways we still are making
dope music but then they found the kid
in 21 and they managed to help get to
the next Plateau and Congrats the 21
have a number one album a couple weeks
but management usually it comes from a
group of people who care and just just
want to see someone their fan of be
treated well in the industry so I really
applaud music managers because like you
say placing your your own fate in your
own hands is one thing place it in the
fate of an emotional addict which a lot
of times the act can be including myself
yeah oh shit you know that's a roller
coaster ride that's a hard job this
distress of other people performing is
brutal yeah my publicist god bless her
soul I thought I thought I killed her a
couple of times this year you know she
might have come from a my concern one of
our two publicist white woman and
Katherine who's done a lot of music
publishing and then when I start talking
about topics have a black woman and
Jennifer farmer who's a great publicist
but she's also publicist for like former
senator of Ohio Nina Nina Turner and
megachurch pastors so she oh she's
helping me keep my image clean but you
know she doesn't want me getting on
television talking about doing cocaine
and smoking joints and I don't do
cocaine but it's like if I go to club
yeah I do coat and she's just you could
just see her face st. behind she's gonna
oh my god and you know churches are
calling they're like this guy supports
ar-15
so I thank you Jennifer for you for
tolerating but she's got to understand
that that's also a part of why people
like you yeah she does it you know it's
just it's just something to deal like
that work I guess I get it I wouldn't
want to be here but you have to do what
you do that's what part of what makes
you fun absolutely you know cops know
what they're gonna get what what it is
yes no filter yeah you got it man you
got somebody has to
somebody has to shake the box a little
bit somebody has to be the kid that's
willing poke the hornet's nest just to
see how many oh flower yeah you know my
two of my greatest heroes when black
people usually talk about heroes right
we talk about Martin Malcolm Elijah
Muhammad
marcus garvey there but two of my
biggest heroes coming up were Luther
Campbell and Larry Flynt right because
in my lifetime I saw Luther Campbell and
Larry Flynt fight the government on
behalf of the American people's right to
say whatever they wanted to say so at
the same time in my formative years I
was learning to love the Bill of Rights
the preamble and United States
Constitution Constitution I got a chance
to see people fighting for my right and
I couldn't wait to be a rapper just like
a curse and by my own titty books you
know and those people have shaped my
life in terms of love of freedom and
liberties as much as a Thurgood Marshall
you know as much as a as much as a
Barbara Jordan as much as a shirley
Chisholm so for me
Who I am is needed you know it's an I
remember one of my friends saying Mike I
like the fact you talk on social issues
but why do you always feel unnecessary
to talk about smoking leading strip
clubs I say because that's what I really
do
and I never want someone to be able to
from the other side to say don't like
this guy because he smokes marijuana go
to strip clubs
I want whoever they say that to to say
yeah and he goes with his wife and they
smoke together I don't want it to be
some secret I keep I want people to
understand that when I want you to be
free I don't want you to be free to
agree to see the world the way I do I
want you to be free to live as you would
like to live so long as it doesn't
offend y'all me and others
that's supposed to be what this is all
about yeah supposed to what this country
is all about that's what miss Ellison
told me yeah in high school well the
Luther Campbell thing was so strange
because it was at one area in Florida
right where they had brown strict breath
blasphemy laws yeah they've tried porn
stars there before yeah they tried some
male porn stars doing some really fucked
up videos they tried him down there for
for obscenity and they had him locked up
they dig you know it's very conservative
yeah and they just decided that the 2
Live Crew was just too much they really
they were drawing a line in the sand
huge but it was it's a crazy thing to do
and something's very popular you know
like yeah you know you know but you know
they also make examples out of the
popular yeah I just found out what the
what the the monkey on a stick thing
meant what apparently monkeys in India
while out so farmers will kill one
monkey and put his head on six other
monkeys and all hey this is dangerous to
do right so essentially
famous people me you Luther Campbell
Lenny Bruce
you know Rodney Dangerfield Andrew Dice
Clay Richard Pryor anymore what you
become
is something to symbolize what will
happen if you dare step out of line of
social order hmm so you your head being
on a stick isn't less about actually
charging you for crimes and more about
keeping the rest of the public in fear
it's a lynching
yeah a lot of times we don't want to say
that but it really is you know I mean so
do you think they see something like to
Live Crew come up they never had a rap
band like in any kind of band like to
live right they're worried what's next
we got this shit in the bud let's nip it
in the bud put the head in the stick put
the head on the stick right there in the
yard
and thank our Luke fought I can remember
channel two or five ABC or CBS and they
were they were they were getting off the
plane in my town I'm a kid watching this
one twelve thirteen years old and the
news reporters just went TMZ style just
put it in their face and I can remember
brother marques just pulling up a
Playboy magazine in her titties
I mean right there on the screen like
yes cuz it's like yeah and the report
almost dropped the camera you know
trying to get it out but that's what
that's what made me love the United
States Constitution when it matters of
freedom of speech because I got a chance
to see it fought for and exercised right
there before me as I was learning about
it these are an interesting that really
what we're concerned with too is visuals
not concerned with what people write
down whether we're concerned with what
people say but we're not like if you
could write that in a book and knowing
what you could write his lyrics in a
book and no one would get mad at up at
that book something about them singing
it and people singing along to it yeah
people like this is it we got it we got
to stop civilizations falling apart we
got to stop this yeah well I mean you
know songs vibrations humming you know
meditation your hump you know that
rhythm changes things you know and it
opens your mind it clears you you know I
mean had it not you know had it not been
for an artist like little Kim would you
have feminism in the way you have now
would you have women gladly celebrating
their sexuality and bodies if it wasn't
for her she never gets the credit do you
know do you think people know how
extravagant she was and in her time I
think she doesn't get the credit she
deserves
I think women know that it became safe
for them to be sexually a great
even free because of her the women that
you know we're coming of age it in our
time but I don't think in retrospect cuz
wraps young you know wrap it's only 45
46 years old I don't think that I just
think it's getting to the point where we
appreciate what we do what we've
accomplished so little Kim is gonna
become more celebrated as years go on
her Trina you know kaya Joyce a boss
like so many hip hop has been a very
fair game the women a very long time
you know what whether people want to
know it or not you know you have you've
always had to call her response records
in hip hop I get on there I'm the
baddest motherfucker in the world and
then a girl pops up behind you now I
motherfucker I'm badder you know I mean
those records have been around forever
so they've we've always promoted
equality within because it made money it
made sense and women with the audience
suit it's pretty amazing that hip-hop is
really only 40-something years old when
you at least stop and think about that
it's one of the primary sources of music
in the world
yeah if you think about how many songs
are being published how many songs
people are listening to and enjoying
right now how many of those are rap
that's a fucking giant number man yeah
if you look at the whole country right
now and just a little light goes off
when it's a rap song is playing like
whoo and if you listen to wheeler Walker
jr. Willow Walker says the rest of
country music is just biting rap and
acting like they are so well I think it
was a little bit of that but I think at
one point in time it was a little that a
lot of rappers would look at guys like
Waylon Jennings and Johnny Cash and
old-school gangster country guys outlaw
country is way different from yeah I
love outlaw country you can't tell me
Waylon Jennings Kris Kristofferson
Willie Nelson Johnny Cash aren't kicking
it like that's what the fuck is right
but but that's that's not the same as
you allocating the Nelly beat to your
song and talking about cowboy boots and
set Air Force Ones know not to say
there's something about the Allman
Brothers Midnight Rider yeah and you
know whipping pulse that's radically
different then you're just singing about
your Ford and you know in rafting on
Saturdays with your chick yeah I don't
think people even understand tied to the
whipping posts
you can't fake that song when they came
at me about the NRA interview last year
every day I smoked a joint woke up and
laughed and listened to that record like
every single day I just wanted you guys
to know it didn't bother me
my wife just told me to shut up talking
to you all we went shooting a lot more
and we play Allman Brothers whipping
post every morning because I had to
remind myself that this is normal then
your being done like this publicly
because you're disagreeing with the
system that people have agreed to that
you don't agree to and it's okay not to
agree so the Harmon brothers really got
me through that segment and stopped me
from punching a lot of bougie black
people in the face well you're a
proponent of your your right to carry a
gun yeah
and I'm I love of the United States
Constitution as a whole of all our
rights and amendments but in particular
you know the first and second Amendment
rights matter to me as an African
American as and as an American first
foremost as an African American
I've only been free 55 years my parents
were born in apartheid and as an
American we are we are a country that
broke off from what we felt like was a
tyranny of monarchy and we did that
because farmers and guns dare to wage
guerrilla warfare against at that time
one of the largest armies and navies in
the world
so I honor that by continuing to be in
the spirit of host farmers you know
indican in the continuance of Crispus
Attucks the first person who died
american revolution was a black man you
know so for me i would dishonor those
patriots who started this country and
Crispus Attucks i would dishonor the
lineage is an african american who's
only 55 years in the freedom by giving
government in our gun back it's not
something I believe in um government is
people part of the problem with giving
government anything is that they're just
people they're not something special
absolutely not flawless absolutely give
people power over you and there's
they'll they will I mean this is not
saying we should stockpile guns and
point them at the government but if
people have guns it's way harder to just
take over sense a little absolute that
shit happens all the time and other
countries does happen absolutely people
get occupied it's just in government's
turn on them government's change the
rules and put places that we're
democracies are no longer so absolutely
that's real and we're never far from it
is it safe as you feel you're never far
from it but I think what what we need
more of is people like you that are that
are a reasonable very educated in the
matter of air articulate person who
comes
from a place where they don't expect
that argument to come from yeah I
understand you know like you think about
left-wing people or democratic people
progressive people you always think you
know you think about democratic people
overwhelmingly being appreciated by the
black community and you always associate
them with being anti-gun yeah that's a
common thing so when a guy like you
steps out and says no no I think it's a
disservice to take this right away
absolutely if I didn't support it and
fight for it I've been I've been an
african-american 40 40-something years
now all right I have known Democrats
primarily my entire life I'm from the
south in particular southeast Alabama
Georgia Florida I have never known a
black male Democrat that was working
class that did not own a weapon hmm not
that so I'm gonna follow the examples of
my grandfather I'm not gonna listen to
the National Party in their rhetoric
about the armed in the population I
think obviously we could agree that we
would all love it if we never needed
guns yeah of course yeah right
of course who wouldn't I rather not need
it than be prepared yes did not be
prepared sure right better to have it
not to need it not to have it and the
part of the country I'm from and what
you do often like I'm from a part of the
country I grew up fishing hunt and
growing food
my sister girls who don't get to hunters
regularly now still fish occasionally
shots out to Greg Street one our biggest
TJ's down there it's a great fisherman
right but this is this normal in my part
of the country as not having straws and
being able to smoke in public it in
places like LA is it it's just it's not
that big of a deal you know you you you
know in my in my mind-state
household should have five guns right
you should have a revolver shove a
semi-automatic for feeling your wife
carrying out you know in public if you
have a shotgun just because it's a great
all-around going to have whether it's
burglars or vermin you know you should
have bolt-action rifles some course case
you got to kill you meet you have a
similar maker riflemen to you don't
defend against here and there just to
fuck off on Sundays and show your
homeboys was dictator but what what you
should not do is give up your right to
all yeah or use them on people that's
the thing about using them on people is
that it's so rare but so horrific and so
so common for something that's so
horrific everybody's against it but I
don't I don't understand how you would
ever
by taking guns I mean you would have to
take all the guns away to stop that from
happening
yeah criminals are of course huh there's
no way the regular people should
probably not do that yeah that's that's
where it gets squirrely it's like how
are you gonna get those guns from the
criminals you're not you're going to
what we can do though and I would say as
an owner you get lazy sometimes you
don't train enough we should train more
and that doesn't mean you know go try to
be the quickest draw you practice you
know but what you want to do is is make
sure you know what you're doing with
your weapon make sure you know how to
clean your weapon make sure you're not a
store your weapon and I took my son and
my nephew and I'm shooting I'm about to
start taking my 11 year old girl Michael
shooting because I want them to know
what they do if they see a gun so we've
already went through what do you do if
you're somewhere you see it done mm-hmm
how do you what how do you get out of
that situation get other kids out of
that situation and I don't know all that
comes with it you know and you know the
strange thing to me is that my mother
when she was in high school was actually
taught how to shoot a rifle right
because the NRA which is now vilified
and hated for four reasons some
deservedly so some not they used to have
big programs in public schools to make
sure that children knew firearm safety
so my mother school and other schools
benefited from that I don't care if it
was just that sheet of paper that told
you the unsafety before you went in a
range that was just a piece of
propaganda they did it was better for
the overall public so I tend to say as
Americans we've gotten away from stuff
like trades in school we've gotten away
from different options besides funneling
our kids into college debt and we've
also gotten away from basic training
such as balancing a checkbook basic home
economics so how do you make lasagna at
home by yourself and stuff like gun gun
you know gun shooting in archery I think
that if those things return to public
school you get a safer and more
confident student body you get a
reduction on things like bullying and
bullshit you get an increase on its self
repair interests of children and you
start to me to grow it scholars that
excel but do you do you really how is it
gonna stop bullying just by knowing that
more kids know how to use guns stop
bullying no boxing class stops bullying
it pipsy said that no one wants to fight
somebody gonna fight back I think you're
right I think for sure martial arts
I know wrestling does it yeah one thing
it can do though is make people more
aggressive initially
yeah a lot of people just getting into
it learn how to fight like it therefore
it's like blue belt mentality that's why
you get what your homies though you got
with your homies so you and your homies
are just beating the shit out of each
other you're not picking on a kid at
lunch you know I mean like me Willie
Spearman
I remember six the thing is though man
you can hurt each other here's a
horrible video did you see the one that
our who put it up it was a one of those
fight breakdown videos Robin black yes
it was Robin black to Steve's they're
getting to fight one Steve Kos the other
Steve it's fucked up to do two boxing
gloves on their friends and one of them
know how to fight a little bit and the
other one didn't know how to fight at
all you know come out don't do that to
your house head bounces off the floor
yeah I think martial arts in general is
great for kids to stop bullying because
you don't you don't have to worry and
look at this watch this shit this kid in
the blue has no idea Jim that guy leans
in with a jab look at this flap oh
that's so fucked up it's so obvious that
he put his mommy to sleep he knows how
to fight yeah like even when he threw a
jab he like leaned in on that jab that
was hard unless that guy is a real
asshole I've really needed that punch
that's a fucked up thing to do to your
buddy Oh like what yeah this kid leans
in look at that's that kid knows at a
jab that's a real job
here comes awful nextnow lights were
about to go off that's bad for you kids
and ba-blap right good timing there too
kid drops it and yo did you see what I
put up on my Instagram today not when I
was a kid who looked like he was more of
a boxer than a kung fu guy it looks like
oh I did see it was it job was it chest
it felt like he hit chest to kind of
teach him to look at each right yeah but
I think he got him in the a look at this
I thought he got him in like the neck
area BAM
yeah I think it's a little bit high
chest yeah but putting humbles a shit
out of yeah and then he smiled have had
him on his back front leg side kick yeah
wow yeah did it smooth that's one of my
favorite moves there's a big guy people
never see a just a great kick to the gut
coming and getting the fuck out of the
hood
let me get out of here that's how you
get out of those chitlin circuit clubs
when the whole club is trying to kill
you how many he is those situations ever
been in a good three two word of two it
was our fault me and my crew and two we
were just in the middle of some bullshit
we know what's going on we had to get
out of that Club
you know what I mean but yeah that that
song that's that's the only thing about
the chitlin circuit fun times great
groupies bags the money but you could
die now how do you guys start out do you
start out like a zero I like an open mic
night or something if a guy wants to
become a rapper how do you get going
different ways like I'm from the
underground rap scene in that I like the
East Coast rap I like that I wrap that
type stuff coming up so I was more like
a open mic scene I got to hang around
the older guys the cool guys in the drug
dealers because I could rap about Street
stuff right we're hearing you take like
a TI he was always interested loved
music and stuff but tip was a trap
rapper from the start you know he he was
entertaining for the street so even in
need to go to fuck an open mic he just
needed to be opened up on the mic and
then allowed the greater public hearing
I'm sick excuse me I talk about him and
I mean big boy cuz they're two of my
best friends so I know I got poetic
license to talk about those guys where I
don't really you know tread lightly with
other rappers you never know who's
feeling here but so there's no need for
him to do open mics as much as just find
someone who believed in him and that was
KP la Reed DJ tune and gave him platform
to create the genre now known as trap
music me I came up more about it about a
rap scene and out of thing you know go
show your wares kind of like a comic you
get up in front of everybody do your
shit see what works
go home readjust come back next week so
when you do like a battle rap thing we
sign up those days they just threw you
in the pit I mean yeah first time yeah
you show up I got my name my name my
nicknames Scott right my nickname was
skunk or my family called me Michael my
friends were the unruly scholars and
those guys were like just
East Coast rap one was from Connecticut
one from South Carolina boos family's
from New York they can wrap your ass off
they were like rocking we make daddy
came in the same group they defeated a
lot of guys made better records and then
one day they were this thing called
green lights where people play their
music and then they battle each other my
homies incoming man you could just
everybody who you thought was the homies
homies was just shitting on
I'm like what the fuck my homies and my
man Sharad GG McGee who I just seemed
like a couple weeks ago he was the
person that kind of pulled me out of
knocking around in the trap trying to be
a petty drug dealer into a studio and he
was the first person to say yo this kid
could really rap like you know fuck that
shit I know he steals cars and and he
drives him around to a hood rat shit
with his ratchet friends but he can
really rap let's get him in so he was
the guy to start bringing me in so it
offended me they were talking about my
friend like that so I just start fucking
off with their heads paddle rapping them
and a man named Double Dee called me and
killed her that night his kids a killer
Mike's a killer and that's how I got the
name killer Mike ah what a great story
so the battle rap scene you would just
get tossed into a pit in how much time
would you get this isn't a night this
isn't like former batter up now like
battle rap is evolved like boxing now
hmm like what I'm talking about is
essentially cockfighting so but like
when you would batter up there would be
no no time limit no time you just went
just one you just went until you won the
crowd or the other guy shut the fuck up
and walked away with his hand out it was
a long battle rap man
died that night those guys were still I
literally took out four and five and six
and those guys were still trying to come
at me before Dee who was fucking built
like you when when when we were children
you know he was like I was obviously
knock you the fuck out just told
everybody shut the fuck up this game won
so I never decided all right Dee spoken
nothing DJ Double Dee gave me mine up
gave me my rap name it gets heated man
I've watched a bunch of them online with
dudes getting each other's faces man my
own my arm my deep my DJ DJ track star
keeps me up with the battle scene and I
couldn't do it like as an older I'm just
saying myself like yo I just how to
fought somebody like straight to fuck up
like it like they day men it's the
disrespect is amazing it's not amazing
it's a martial art yeah of sorts you
know it's a mental martial art the
ability to stay self disciplined enough
not to wile out the ability to give in
and take it you know what I'm saying
it's an art if you ever seen grouse
battle no roast battles with the doing
stand-up comics with the the same
principle and they go well they prepare
for it like sometimes like weeks
out and they tell them who they're gonna
be battling against they write a bunch
of jokes about each other and just shit
all over each other
ruthless joke writing it's on Comedy
Central's worthy shit
ruthless shit that's ruthless that's
what comedy should be it is that in its
a rare place that one spot where they're
doing it like that the roast battle is a
rare place cuz it's like pure joke
writing and fucking meanness I gotta
check that out that's called what we
call jounin in the South Jonah yeah
Johnny yeah yeah I'm a gelling this shit
out of you like that's when you just you
just is ruthless are you saying jaalin
like no joning don't my song yet Shaunie
joning John the lady oh yeah yeah like
John but it's but it's I think it
spelled Jo in E not okay John Jones yeah
so yeah they call it Johnny in this
parts like I think they call it that in
DC - but I'm in cap in some other place
that was called Joan and in the sound
man um what they did all that Johnny
just talking bad about each other
yeah with comics it's uh it really is a
martial art because you got to keep it
together what this person just
ruthlessly shitting on your appearance
and your life and ex relationships and
divorces I mean people are rules such as
life man life is real yeah I got to get
props out to my friend who's a common
little of all number one record with
that smile bitch record B Lil Duval is
one of those guys where man he's gonna
say some shit to you man he's gonna test
you nuts he you know he gonna hit you
you know I mean he's rude he's about
this high
but his fucking ego is this big and he's
really good at talking shit so I've
heard him destroy some rooms he style
bender who's like one of the best
fighters in the UFC yeah came out two
that came out that song smile big smile
bitch that's a great fun I'm very proud
of my friend it's a great fucking song
he's such a snoop jumps on and style
bender as he's getting ready to go into
the Octagon he was dancing he was
dancing to the song and then he got
inside he was dancing and having a good
time and then once the fight started
that if I don't have you ever seen him
fight he's in the matrix he's on another
level like spectacular striker
like I gotta see him I have
lightning-fast incredible timing
he's got creativity he's loose in there
he gives you looks you don't know what
the fuck is
happening blam baguette head kicked he's
phenomenal he said one of the best in
the world right now up-and-coming but he
came down yeah I got ya Israel Atta
Sonya Israel Ana sake one of the best is
fuckin if you love technique you love
watching that guy check him out
I liked silver for that reason yes well
Anderson Silva and him are fighting oh
shit yeah sort of a positives in it he's
40 years old I believe oh shit yeah
it's probably one of his last fights I
was about to say how do you think I
should be before they they saw well you
know Anderson is not a guy who engaged
in trench warfare he always fought very
smart he did he didn't really take the
kind of beatings that maybe a lot of
guys that fought as long as him took
he's very technical yeah very good at
avoiding getting hit I mean he's been
hit it's unavoidable
yeah he's fighting the best in the world
continually he got hit he got dropped by
a couple people but it's not like most
guys but most guys that get to his
amount of time in they're gonna get hit
way more he doesn't mean his face looks
exactly the same it looks perfect
he doesn't have a messed up face at all
you think about that guy the fact that
he fought the best of the best forever
and his fate oh thank god his face isn't
fucked up I mean that's all you need to
know this is what his face
Flopsy without our floyd like people
please people hating it man love just
like young man you know defense is a
part of auxin Superman the ability not
to get hit is the talent not a lot of
people have it's a part of everything
yeah it's part of life
but it's it's a part of jiu-jitsu it's
giant Hickson Gracie's number one
principle he's like first I defend I'm
always safe no matter what always safe
always always oh you can't do shit with
him there's certain guys that allow you
vixen is one of them
he would allow black belts to take his
back and put in a full rear naked choke
with the hooks in and they would start
from there start from the closing
sequence yeah you're at usually you're
going to sleep exactly and he would get
out that's amazing and dudes can tap
them from NASA yo shout-out to Wiz Wiz
Wiz Khalifa cousin breeze yes shots out
the breeze breeze got into jujitsu and
it's brought Wiz into it and it's
now shamed me into going to so at some
point I'm gonna pop up in the gym I got
to get you and Joey Diaz in the
jiu-jitsu class greatest I gotta get
this done the shoulder I gotta finish
rehabbing Kara it's gonna clear me win I
got you shoulder rotator cuff surgery
I'll both shoulders Jesus yeah but I can
do this again now okay elastic bands in
the room if those is morning whiz put on
a ton of muscle Doug there's a photo of
him pre and post Asia truly impressed
sure I would not want to follow Wiz
Khalifa right now he's not just a thin
talkie rapping shreddy is absurd
ridiculous give you kicks and take your
bitch at this point have you seen his
abs there's huge - look at that look at
they're not just they're not just ripped
I'm gonna stop slobbering soon they're
not just rip they're big how much more
from skinny to big though versus me
whereas it's tons of muscle under here
but gotta lose a lot of chubby to see it
baby
well your legs carrying around all that
weight I always thought if someone could
lose weight once they're really heavy
they would have an advantage of their
legs calves are still good couple the
legs are constantly used to moving
around with much more weight and now all
of a sudden they don't have that way up
it's like you've been backpack training
under the difference well it's not as
good a difference it's hard to tell
though a big difference still a
difference now sure
human being and he goes to that place in
in Hollywood J's place performance what
is it called unbreakable the place is
the shit supposedly so I go semi private
place and be going there like Chuck
Liddell's working out and that makes
sense because Wiz is like really rich
yeah the black community's like white
people rich is what we call very high
god bless ya I like with well if you did
that to your body that dude worse hard
well I'm doing it I'm doing it slower I
need to pick up the pace and go full 90
days like you say but I feel a lot
better I just did his fucking Zappos
running commercial I felt like the king
of the world
did you yeah yeah I mean I've been
working out man shouts out to Al
Claiborne from play more it affects no
form professional bodybuilders teach me
how to retrain my brain and when I'm not
being lazy and really on it
feel great sweat today so you don't
regret today the good thing about it too
is with a guy like you if you continue
and you continue to lose weight and get
healthier you're gonna inspire other
people to do the same thing yeah people
that are your fans that go fuck man now
I want to get my shit together
yeah cuz what you don't want to do is
get rich died have some young Wiz
Khalifa like got fuckin on your wife
that's my daily mantra that's a good I
got a hot red hair white and I don't
want to die and all my money go to some
young Stedman like fucking honor
[Laughter]
yeah man you want to have more energy
fuck it you can do it yeah nah no doubts
no doubts yeah but yeah what you said
it's true get off the sugars get off the
flowers eat some meat and green shit
your honor that's it keep moving yeah
young as much as you ever use one of
those fitbit's or any of those things
now I gotta do I gotta watch man man my
man from Nike gave me a watch it I got a
good yeah it's real good they it gives
you a number so you look at the numbers
and you get the metric of how hard
you're working yeah I like that one that
we were doing what the fuck was it
called again the one that we did for the
yeah I'm trying to pitch my zones trying
to convince my wife that having
threesomes and foursomes it's like
circuit training it is
she hasn't went for yet it's definitely
a hormonal buildup yeah going in the
room I'm going for it I'm trying Charlie
I think next season all the trigger
warning that's what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna try to start a polygamist compound
based on CrossFit man that never goes
right does anybody ever pulled off a
compound yeah yeah few people quiet
quiet people pull it off when you start
to realize that your uncle and your aunt
and her best friend aren't uncle Han
best friend like oh shit I don't had two
eyes you know yeah but but but if you're
getting loud about it it's always gonna
go bad right because people know about
it by the time they know about it's
already gone bad right so there might be
a lot of them laughing at us right now
yeah we know how to do it yeah exactly
we just keep our shit together and don't
tell everybody just stay low did you see
wild wild country I did not see wow how
could they bought a town they put they
took over a town a whole cult they just
they started just importing people they
brought him in on buses shut the fuck
they took over a town
yeah these uh what was his name I forget
the guys name
I forget uh was it easy yes say it again
into the mic Rajneesh yeah
get another name though today what are
you making like change something up
there some sure I think I may have seen
part of this hi three in the morning I
don't remember what the fuck they were
doing for jobs I was just paying
attention to how they got these people
in there they took homeless people and
they shipped him out there on buses they
could vote from the town they gave him
jobs and identities and these people
were extremely happy that was one who's
crazy it's like I'm sure up some of them
were troubled but for a lot of them they
finally had a sense of purpose they'd
just been taken into this place as
family so they made Utah they basically
made a town like Utah I've always acted
and what I did see part of this movie
geek at 3:00 in the morning like oh why
is it that white hippy like people trust
brown people with beard so much well
they want to believe in enlightenment
and in all the media portrayals of
enlightenment and all of you know when
people talk about mystical experiences
yeah in India it's always that part of
the world that emphasizes spirituality
and the idea that the Hindu religion is
a is a more ancient more complex be
ritual religion as the Indian yogi
figure is the white Jesus figure white
people 100% so for white people who
don't know white Jesus in the black
community is a mythical creature that
has enormous power right it's insane for
anyone to believe in a deity that
doesn't look like them right so but in
the black community we're just in love
with Renaissance paintings and Jesus is
white as fuck all right so we have the
same infatuation that your weird hippie
aunt has with Indian men with long
beards and their mysticism we have that
white Jesus so that you've just helped
me understand because I've always
wondered like what the fuck is it white
people and East Indian people like us
Vikram who directed trigger warning also
has a documentary where he creates a
fake religion and convinces you know
white middle class people to follow it
that is a crazy one the white Jesus one
right eye why Jesus of motherfucker bruh
like man I'm gonna get me a shirt that
says white people want stay woke and and
what I mean by that is mm-hmm Western
civilization its this is the latest
phase like people have to understand
there have been
many empires and civilizations there was
a time where modeling in Africa and Kim
in Africa were the biggest civilizations
and colonizers on earth
later Persia biggest cut like you've had
systems and right now the West has just
for the last thousand years or so has
been kicking and dominating ass a lot of
what we see on the news between the west
and what we call the Middle East now
what was once a non-western perjurer at
Western Asia this is thousands of years
war you know you're hearing Islam versus
Christianity but it's really two
ideologies that have been fighting for
thousand years over how the globe should
be governed so with that shit man it's
like there's no there's no stopping this
shit but white Jesus Springs out of that
and kind of goes everywhere and
colonizes everything so you know the
church pops up with candy for kids
Bibles for you and by the way we're
gonna be gone a while but we're gonna
leave this guy here on the wall so you
know what the ideal what godson look
like so if godson looks like a doobie
brother and so does God God looks like
Jim Morrison Jim Morrison with a full
beard
yes traitor fuck Wow Wow
yeah it's really Jesus was probably a
tan guy with dark hair and curly curly
hair and you know and brown eyes that
was saying shit that the government in
the church didn't like so they knocked
him to fuck off why do you think that
each race looks for someone of another
race to be their advisor because I don't
think people trust the divinity in
themselves hmm you know I think I think
that once you understand that as human
beings we really only look different
because of subtle differences and
atmosphere and change and you know who
you mix with win but I think that all
those books that our moms paid Oprah to
sell us of self-help and inward-looking
Reverend Ike had told my grandmother's
generation had in the 70s you know what
I mean and I think that we're scared to
turn off the lights and at some point
see something divine within ourselves
because once you do that that requires
you act differently hmm and I think that
people need to be told what to do not
that they actually need it but they want
to be instructed you know versus knowing
or going on a gut feeling or experiment
and getting something wrong you know my
grandfather was one of the most kind
moral
in I've ever met he was always gentle
with children he only put a belt in my
but twice in my life in shit I think he
crying harder than that same in at 14
years old shot a man in church for
kissing his bike down you know he grew
up in between 14 and 54 when I was born
and he had experiences that he had
learned to regret and he had dealt with
that and he had become something that by
the time I was a child he was raising me
my grandfather was defined in my eyes
almost you know I mean not because he
was perfect because he was genuinely
good and moral but as a 14 year old boy
who had grown up fatherless who dropped
out of school in the third grade and who
had who understood that I must protect
my mothers and sisters he refused to
people they by anyone even an adult to
the point of putting a bullet in them
you know what I mean so I think that a
lot of times we're afraid to see that
divinity in ourselves also because then
you have to acknowledge the darkness and
you have to deal with that and it's
easier to get instructed by someone else
and it's easier to see the evil is
outside too it's easier to see that is
something I can't control it just
happens versus I'm complying and I'm
complicit in it you know that's a it's
also a consequence of you know one of
the things that bothers me the most when
people talk about people that commit
crimes or think about people that commit
crimes so much of who a person is a
consequence of things that had nothing
to do with them absolutely they could
have been born in a terrible
neighborhood to horrible parents and
then abused sexually and physically and
and by the time you get to them they're
broke their life is already a mess it's
a shambles well and for you to try to
think that they are gonna look at life
and just figure it out with no
assistance whatsoever there's it's crazy
doesn't work like that one of the
weirder things about our culture is that
we haven't put more of an emphasis in
finding the spots that are there the
ghettos and the terrible neighborhoods
in this country and figuring out a way
to build them up have just make it even
we know right away we know unequivocally
where jobs and Commerce are present and
economic opportunity and prosperity
occur that's a dramatic reduction in an
elimination in gang violence yeah
yet we do not put resources into
building institutions that will create
entrepreneurs or work on a soft skill so
the kids can be working at and around
production housing Studios we put that
money into prisons yeah and then we use
prison labor to undercut things like
call centers things like that that jobs
I mean that factories may need and we're
doing a disservice by doing it we and I
always say we because we look to our
quote unquote
leaders and blame them when so many
times we allow it you know we allow this
to happen by not paying attention
they're not voting we allow it to happen
by not raising our voice even though we
know someone in prison and saying this
is wrong you know the last people I
don't believe just for the record I
don't believe in the big three Abrahamic
religions I'm not into him but the books
I've read and their amazing graphic
novels I cannot read them like I can
they look like a graphic novel of sorts
right and when you look at the people
who Christ died with right it was using
he was left there were thieves the last
person he saved before he got out of
here was a thief was a confessed thief
was dying right next to him and he was
like you know we're gonna go on this
together that's that's an amazing thing
so as you're serving your Savior or your
Messiah you need to be thinking about
who he spent his time with you know he
was with liars and thieves he was in the
streets he was with people who alleged
to be prostitutes and I think that if we
start to turn our attention to those
places and we put our intentions and
good there we do produce on the out on
the other side better but as long as we
look at religion is something that makes
us holy makes us clean washes us of our
sins and we become pious in that I think
religion will something be something
that's forever kind of harmful it helped
to create that and I think that that
that believing that some people are good
at evil doesn't allow us to say well
what could we do to fix those ghettos to
fix those depressed areas because for
every ghetto where I'm from for every
ghetto that's in a city in the south I
can show you a mountainous region what a
trailer-park this is bad for sure and
those in those and those kids deserve a
life better than oxycontin addiction in
turmoil and pain to your right 100% 100%
and I feel like there's money to be made
doing it too I mean I feel like these
jobs feel like yes it's an ignored
resource yes yes my follow
turbo Jesus follow kidding turbo Jesus
an Alabama man tell anybody named turbo
turbo Jesus kid listen he's amazing man
I believe he's I don't I'm not a big
Confederate flag just doesn't bother me
as much all right not saying that you
got a pass just it's I've lived with it
so long it's just kind of like right all
right do you we shock that all of a
sudden it became a bad thing like with
dukes of hazzard and all that not what I
was a Dukes I have pictures of me what's
the General Lee on a shirt right I'm not
surprised because you know it my thing
with the converter fag is that I lost
right so you're flying to losing flex
but just never really really bothered me
but as I got older to drum the drama
that's been placed around it he's been
amazing because if I'm not gonna change
robert e lee the school's name we're not
gonna really be able to change faces
it's gonna be here you know the southern
you just count except it's gonna be
there but turtle jesus is a kid I saw
following so my natural assumption is
you know typical redneck kid right hella
talent he can fix anything with the
motor on it he makes these amazing
katana likes wars out of wrenches right
he's just an amazing kid but I see him
rallying against kids that uphold that
flag and upholding you know anything
that feels like racism of Nationals and
it's just one of the most morally good
kids I've ever seen running around and
he's an ally and he doesn't look like
cereal typically anything you would
expect but that's the great part of this
to me the great part of all this country
is you know as as polar opposites as
people try to make say you and I here we
are together as equals you know here we
are together engaging one another as
equals and we don't look like one other
we're not from the same places and I
think that's just a whole bunch of
opportunity in that you know I think
that there's money to be made in
promoting that versus promoting division
and fear and so absolutely you should be
there is money in helping children be
better there is and there's in it and if
we're gonna live in a capitalist system
be a compassionate capitalist and be the
best you possibly can because we need
more of you but just seems like
something like in in terms of something
that we think about as a civilization we
don't think about neighborhood
rebuilding no it's not a primary concern
even though one of the biggest problems
we have is with crime and violence if
you ask people what's
two biggest things you're afraid of it's
crime and violence next be car accidents
and cancer yeah yeah and but crime and
violence
you could severely mitigate yeah one
consumer if you had all these community
programming if you think about the
amount of if they I bet if they
calculated out probably a wash the
amount of money you'd spend to fix
things versus the amount of money you
would save by not having as much crime I
agree
Roxanne Shantae I saw her and I don't
know shit so I'm just guessing
South eighth anything is better than
more prisons yeah yeah well that's the
scariest shit we got going on the idea
that someone's profiting off of putting
people in cages and that they also Lobby
to make sure that there's more laws in
the books I told Larry King earlier
today that I'd rather stop arguing over
the Second Amendment with people that I
should be arguing for amendment of the
Thirteenth Amendment with we should stop
arguing over guns and we should start to
say why does our thirteenth amendment
have a loophole in allows for slavery
that said slavery is illegal except for
yeah people people have no idea how much
prisoners get paid to work when they
were working on the fires yes what was
they were I think it was $2.00 and some
fucking insane amount of money they pay
them and when they get out of prison
they are not allowed to be firemen oh
Jesus Christ is that real yeah it's real
like because you're a felon you're every
crime for everyone out there for
everyone but but not any felony you
can't be a fireman i I can't say any but
a lot of the guys I've known that have
gotten out of prison have not been
allowed to still out that's right
there's there's felonies were not a
violent felony yeah drug selling
California's paying inmates one dollar
an hour
holy shit not even two dollars your life
is worth 99 pennies plus one just stop
and think about fighting fires for 10
hours you make $10 now that's insane
that is that but not only is that
slavery that might be worse than slavery
because what $10 an hour isn't even
gonna buy you food that's less than
Walmart pays its but it's less money to
work all day than you could feed
yourself yeah yeah this is the y-guy
thing that's what I try to tell people
people talk shit when I was coming on
site yo man these are the guys are now
I appreciate you saying that because
that's true and it's not just black guys
is poor white people I almost wish I
could have a convention with to say we
got to say masters they're saying this
right here more than two thousand
volunteer inmate firefighters and
they've volunteered including 58 youth
offenders are battling wild fire flames
through California inmate firefighters
serve a vital role clearing thick brush
down to bare soil to stop the fire
spread a wonder um do they get better
service for that do they get out earlier
nope they don't think nothing I don't
think so
I would hope they do but if we're paying
them a dollar out what do we care but
we're like we are though the public
should be up in arms about yeah well
they're obviously trusting those guys to
not run to cuz when you're when you're
chopping down bushes out there when
there's a fire going on where you gonna
go nobody knows what the fuck is
happening it's chaos so where you gonna
go where you gonna go yeah and then when
they get your shit dollar-an-hour just
how insane is that word you know
something else we doing our prisoners
that's cruel and brutal we put people in
a box for 23 hours a day yeah lot amount
for an hour to walk in the space
yeah you driving them crazy yeah yes she
doing yeah you're fucking with their
senses to the point where they're going
crazy
absolutely or they get solitary I have
friends have been in solitary they talk
to you about solitary they're just there
for themselves with you're home on day
after day after day yeah I remember
going to in-school suspension not being
able to talk about to go fucking nuts
after three hours you know so happy and
being in Georgia state corrections when
you're a little kid you can't shut the
fuck up for anything
coach dollar used to tell ya he's
feeling us like shut the fuck Kameron
dollar 1 1995 UCLA he played played
point guard for them when they won a
national championship his dad was the
culture out high school his dad was the
basketball coach and he's softer in
school and I stayed and in school man I
knew his dad like a fucking player I
couldn't play any basketball I just be
sitting there quiet he'd be reading the
paper just like I can't wait to get the
fuck out of here man coach darling I'm
gonna say shit that's not I don't wanna
go to prison
Thank You coach darlin that's out the
camp not talking to anybody for just a
couple of days would be enough to drive
you crazy now imagine some people that
have been locked in the hole
for like eight months they do that to
people yeah they do the breath I mean
that didn't in that what they did it
Chelsea Manning yeah didn't they yes
that's exactly what they did I think I
forgot what her original name was as do
I know what's up you might you might
yeah
piece of shit it's always been Chelsea
but yeah she um I think they locked her
in the hole for like ten months yeah no
talking no nobody just by yourself
fuck you by yourself that's crazy that
mean you could break someone's brain
easy he's hired a people's brain gets
broken on a good edible I watched first
48 mmm I see you motherfuckers rang he
broke in 15 minutes of cigarettes and a
honey pot hey that's another reason I
tell kids don't commit crime with your
homies man watch first 48 you're gonna
see everything go bad man for a Newport
yeah just so many fucking crimes so many
laws that don't don't need to exist
poverty we end poverty we fix crime when
it makes a fuckload of it that's yeah
sure it's not still be sociopaths and
greedy people you're gonna have that but
far less than crimes of opportunity like
robbing moms if their purses at gas
station yeah car jackings you're not
gonna see stolen cars you're not gonna
see burglaries you're not gonna see that
if you start to have an influx of you
know we need to bring a lot of stuff
back to America we need to start making
shit again it start buying shit we make
again we need to you know we need to
start refocusing on what we could be
doing in the house I think you know I
think that would certainly help us and I
don't know what we could do to just sort
of promote that idea of I mean why
doesn't it it's nothing that ever gets
discussed in any political discussion
like that whenever there's some debates
going on or whenever there's an agenda
yeah but nobody ever thinks of that one
aspect of our culture the weakest aspect
of our culture economically we don't
really consider it just look at it as a
source of crime it's a statistic we know
there's as though as something that just
is like it has to be yeah but it doesn't
have to be
well that's one history yeah it's in the
television show it's all I'm really
trying to say like there are other
alternate air other ways to try this and
we could you can you can try to fix
homelessness without criminalizing being
homeless right we know that most men
that are homeless have some types of
mental illness of schizophrenia so that
means that we've broken down and we're
not taking care of the mentally ill in a
way that we should be it could be so if
you start to fix that you start to fix
that kind of homelessness we know that
women and children we know why they're
on the street and we know that if
they're subsidized into these type of
affordable housing apartments in the
city the kids have the opportunity go to
better schools to become better parts of
society in terms of having the networks
and resources we know the mothers are
closer to work can be home but we don't
do that we build cities like right now
we're developing Atlanta and we've been
promised a certain amount of of work
space in the city for working-class
people for poor people some of the
developers aren't normally they say they
do and because you do that you start to
increase the things that are blights on
us you know we just have to be really
committed to it and do it that's it and
once we do it is done you know but if we
if we keep acting like it's not
happening and complaining about poverty
and crime and war and not doing anything
it's just the cycle never stops and
that's the understand the insanity I
really don't understand yeah well
everybody feels like it's somebody
else's job everybody feels that work
like yeah and everybody feels like well
you just got to get out of that
neighborhood no no no that's what this
work Roxanne Shantae talked about
reentrant
she said you know she doesn't want to
hear people come keep complaining about
gentrification when the kids that are
leaving these neighborhoods whether they
sing dance rap or not or just go get
good jobs and go be decent human beings
you should be re-entering your
neighborhood she should be buying houses
or pieces of land there one of the most
impressive things on my favorite players
are John Stockton and I don't know if
it's true or not but I read a story that
he actually bought a house right on the
street he grew up in so in the offseason
he'd go back essentially home with his
kids so they'd had some type of
normalization to their life you we
should be doing that you know
Tianna have bought properties together
in the same neighborhood
we're developing things like restaurants
and stuff I'd like to see more athletes
and rappers become the merchants and
business class that way and I'd like to
see people who grew up in neighborhoods
move back to those neighborhoods they
grew up in like like the typical iconic
American Dream you know you can build a
you know another 8,000 square foot in
the back of a flame house if you want to
but you shouldn't be going to 50 for 60
minutes outside the city and then
complaining about the blight of the city
because you took yourself away you took
the talent and the resources away do you
think that everyone should feel that way
though or is it I mean do you feel like
you have to be committed to the city
that you grew up in or couldn't you want
to just get the fuck out of there and go
some more difference nothing wrong with
getting the fuck out but you just think
you should go back and support it yeah
it's like I tell kids you know
accomplishment I say Mike you know what
can we do you know kids are college kids
when you're speaking college you say
well what could we do kids want to
affect the world very easy find a kid in
high school to do that kid make sure
they replace you at this university or
another that's it you just produce
replanting and seeing if you grow food
you know you don't grow the same land
year after year after year some you have
to give that land a break retail it you
know I'm saying it's kind of like the
neighborhood so you don't have to stay
in the same neighborhood your whole life
you don't have to feel like I've never
won anything or escaped anywhere but you
do have to don't sell your mother's
house mmm you know rent it to your
cousin you know let your younger
assistant but don't don't sell your
mother that piece of land was worked for
the blood the toil the soil it means
something and it should and and for
working-class people especially it keeps
your neighborhood and communities more
like the ones that made you be a good
human being hmm so I think that there's
something most people don't leave the
town and grow up in and move to the
other side or they moved to the suburbs
most people are most people marry
somebody they knew you know I'm saying
my fingers make the best of it don't let
it keep becoming the worst a man named
mr. John my wife and I on barbershops
are people don't know we own these
things called the shave washing room
shops we have one in State Farm arena
that when the Atlanta Hawks play we have
a flagship store on Edgewood Avenue
Edgewood Avenue was once an Auburn
Avenue once the Centers of black Atlanta
in terms of Commerce and retail and
money and land a life insurance company
with their you guys Google some of this
stuff this big-time shit you know this
is a
the old narrative of we've never had
nothing because that's not the truth
Atlanta was a very rich city for
african-americans still is on this
street used to be owned by African
Americans the storefronts in there their
children after these people died off
sold the buildings off and sold it for
cheap and I know this because a man
named mr. John who runs a grocery store
there stopped me one day he said you
know Michael after we're gone in this
neighborhood it's been gentrified and
everything's different they're gonna
come along and say that white people
stole this from us and he said that's
not true he say the children of the
people that were here left and they
never came back because they didn't
think what they parents bill was good
enough
oh man that killed me because that's not
just black people that's Americans
period we have gotten to a point where
we are unappreciative we are entitled
and we don't think what happened before
us was good enough so we don't treasure
it we don't honor it we don't reinvest
in it that could be a farm in
Milledgeville that could be a house in
Adams ile but we have to do a better job
of appreciating ourselves appreciating
our community and then appreciating our
greater community and you have to
re-enter you have to reenter Phi that
you have to be a part of whatever
gentrification happens to make sure that
your stake is still there and that what
you care about from a morals and civil
perspective is represented there my
uncle my uncle John Blackman who was a
huge influence on me died and had a five
car garage where where he did
transmissions stuff and I begged my aunt
to sell it please I don't want you I
know they're gonna come the Beltline is
coming on scoop but please sell it to me
I didn't want my uncle's building you
know for to go to strangers and become
you know an apartment complex or
something and I walked in your building
and I seen your building and I said wow
I know what I'm gonna do with it now
I've had it for like three years now
it's just I just had it but I didn't
never knew what I wanted to do but you
would like you know you need somewhere
to go every day your building is
impressive I'm like you know I'm just
gonna just make my bit my uncle's
building my offices right and I figure
out a way to make a lot of money off of
it I mean I've already made a lot of
money which is what enabled me to buy it
but it's important to me that as his
neighborhood it turns into hipster land
because it's definitely gonna be just
gonna be black it's gonna be like
chocolate
mr. Lanson I just wanted to make sure
that there's still some chocolate
working class in there and sometimes
they're gonna go buy coffee and there's
gonna be a loud-ass muscle car and lots
of marijuana smoke point out of it so
they'll know that you know Michaels
nephew still in town well you've got a
great combination of work ethic a sense
of community and you had a business
perspective I don't have a business
perspective I'm gonna shit my wife your
wife is doing it all what she steeped
talk yeah but you seem to know what the
fuck you're talking about
you've got a pretty good road map yeah
you know I have zero with that zero
business perspective plan yes discipline
to go to the gym every day I do have
that's what I got it but I'm crazy I'm
gonna change to try to silence demon
yeah mom forever
I hate man Faline was the best thing
that ever happened to me
for I think for everybody fail not cuz
some people get stuck at they failure
and they become bitter and they become
envious they become hateful at least how
to mark yeah they can yeah but a merrier
can be one of the best things that ever
happens to you
yeah failing and having to learn to
become a business person I'm very
thankful for removed from the failure
now don't you think that about you rap
career as well like that's what I was
taught yeah Oh from business perspective
from haled yeah @r at first I was a good
rapper but Outkast Oklahoma now records
my my first record that went gold at a
time where every rail the record was
going ten million it was a fit it didn't
work right didn't work for me so I had
to go to Texas and people like
Chamillionaire and paul wall bun b0 Slim
Thug traded truth right people like
flipping hump these people taught me how
to press up my own CDs put them in the
marketplace sell them at profit reinvest
himself they taught me that and selling
drugs you know in the trap they taught
me to rudimentary fundamentals of
business and when I met my wife I
remember dating two three four five
little hot chicks and her just mentally
being you know our wife caught like
right freshman year college but just
mentally she was lightyears ahead of
everyone because her grandmother had
raised her in that way grandmother had a
shot house
chitlin circuit here I go get a shot for
$2 on Sundays because the south is you
know a weird place we didn't used to
sell alcohol on Sunday so my wife I
recognize how to sharper mine and me for
business what I had was good ideas for
what was sale and what would be well in
the marketplace and what she had was a
discipline don't you have any failures
in your business practice and Jim and
first years I had a barber shop I wanted
to kill every barber on
Barbara's are like independent rappers
you know everyone wants to be more
famous than they need to be and they're
artists barbers want to be famous yeah
barbers like being famous I mean there
are local famous yeah yeah they're
artists yeah and they should be you know
I mean but um with that say it man it
frustrating you know one barber comes in
one day like I want to wear glitter cape
today yeah the next barbers coming like
yeah I want to I want to cut here in the
nude I want to use your shot to do it
and you're like bro it doesn't what
doesn't work like that like like this is
the right but I had to learn for us that
the boof rent model like you pay and
boof renting us not making any more
profit that doesn't it so we had to kind
of say what what is Supercuts dude what
does great clips do with it
oh you run it by a commission and then
you split that means they have to be
there anyway and that's how we kind of
learned business when we got an offer
from the Hawks to put our place in the
space of the arena and we want to be a
Mourinho's we started to understand okay
this is how you do business business you
know this is not just how you you know
make two to four thousand dollars extra
months and that's just some good income
for your wife to be enjoyed but this is
how you start to say you know more than
a brightner a barber shop this is a
lifestyle and retail brand when we
happen to barber but if you're a guy I
don't like going to the beauty shops or
beauty stores to buy my brushes or buy
my combs or you know if you want to get
a little gray out of your beard you know
you don't want to be in a NAR X section
of your local Walmart or you like hey
where do I get the gray for my beer
because I want to go get hot young seeds
you know you want to go shopping so we
develop products we have cool stuff you
can just buy it right there and we've
learning to be business people and
hopefully I would like to become the
chick-fil-a barbershops I like for
people to want to want to have us in
their town and pay us a lot of money to
come well it's a man's hangout - I mean
you can say anything you want and no one
judge you can talk you can watch it Joe
Rogan
shit you know hey ya barbershops are
uniquely masculine they are like beauty
shops are for girls girls can go into a
beauty shop and get their nails done and
no there's not gonna be any men there
they could talk all kinds of crazy shit
yeah it's one of the reasons why they
like it yeah and and the women that do
come to barber shops are some of the
best shit talkers so even they fit it
right yeah that's what you know
barbershop is exciting as one that has
those two or three women customers that
are just primed shit talkers how much if
any are you paying attention to things
like crypto currencies
I'm DJ Vlad has taught me a lot about
stocks so much to the point that I
bought my wife thousands of dollars in
socks for Christmas she cried she cried
when I when I showed her the wedding
band that I bought because I never
really got her winning man and said I
really want to you know show me I'm
dedicating myself to you and this is
this is never coming off and silver at
the beginning of Christmas she cried
when I saw my wedding man and at the end
she cried when I said I never want you
to be fully dependent upon me or feel
that way so here's a lot of stock and
she cried like a baby I called flat like
that shit works bro but uh so I'm
learning about and I just put lots of
money into the S&P 500's but I don't
know a lot about cryptocurrency and
stuff I'm learning how to have money
uh my fascinator buy them these the idea
of a decentralized economy you know cuz
we're always the the whole thing has
always been about the the amount of
money that banks control if you just
stop and think about let's go what goes
on with the Federal Reserve and what
goes on with all the money and how much
$1 worth oversees the balance of it all
if there was something that we could all
rely on you know that wasn't controlled
by any gigantic group of people that
have a vested interest in profiting off
of this pile of money if it was some
sort of a Bitcoin like thing I mean a
really different world really really
different yeah it would it would it be
different if the world was moneyless
it'd be different if there was a gold
standard again it'd be a lot of
differences but the question becomes is
to banking mafia of source ever gonna
let that happen and what happens how
could they stop it well it's like
stopping the internet at this point so
you take
it's coming you think we're gonna get
the cryptocurrency I think it's
eventually gonna be what are we gonna
throw the chief up its gonna they're
gonna yes be big that's it that's a
that's a question correct all right you
can't throw coins in clubs it's true
yeah okay yeah we yeah pieces of paper
that we know as bro
Bitcoin will become like dollar bills
that will represent Bitcoin laktaw bill
with a gold like a shiny gold did you
make a shit ton of money would be going
no no some some of it for a hurdle fight
for the Forgotten charity they build
wells for the pygmies okay in the Congo
my friend Justin Ren he lives in the
Congo for six months out of the year
building wells and so fight for the
Forgotten we raised we raised a bunch of
money through this thing called the cash
app at that time someone's actually five
dollars goes to fight for the Forgotten
gotcha and we got some Bitcoin that we
raised that went to them too so Wells
got built because of that he's built I
don't know how many well do you see like
18 wells they built for the pygmies
they're constantly building new ones
because the Sigma Z freshwater yeah he
saw a fighter he fights for Bellator
he's one of their top heavyweights dope
shit and goes over to Africa and lives
in the Congo with the pygmies yeah he
man he lives there in the village for
you know months he's gotten malaria
three times almost died from it yes the
dedication he's one of the nicest people
that's ever walked the face the place
that's fuckin that so did he do the
malaria shots and shit and still catch
malaria I do not do it first trip to
Africa next year so you know as a black
guy I feel this important or you know I
don't want to catch malaria that's him
back there Wow yeah they call him the
big pygmy that's amazing yeah nicest guy
that's ever lived those are Wow yeah I
mean the guy goes there for six months a
year Oh people in the picture with him
look like they related to me yeah it's
pretty cool man he's got some great
videos on fight for the Forgotten that's
beautiful where you could see the the
wells being built and the water coming
out I gotta check that out you send me
the link
yeah for sure dope for sure what were we
talking about how do we get up to this
Oh Rhys we raised some money for him
through Bitcoin as well but I think that
it's some give me some advice I don't
know enough about it I'm an idiot
I just want anything on anything money
related cuz you have an icon cheap so I
know you have more money I just work a
lot you know what you're such
grandfatherly it's true that's to shit
my grandfather I'm not a big I'm not a
big investor I'm not very smart I got I
have people handling that kind of stuff
which I work a lot but I don't pay
attention to anything
yeah I do too many things yeah I've got
myself to the place where I know exactly
what I have to pay attention to and what
I don't ya don't have to pay attention
to is just pawn shop Robert Paul a my
accountant has made it pretty easy for
me he it's literally a craft this is a
dollar you make this is what goes in the
savings this is what goes into
investment this is what you and Shay
want investing in real estate this is
for retirement so now everything that
comes in I already know so it's like
when they call us and say like hey you
guys you guys got a five hundred
thousand dollar day I just know that I'm
not going on with two fifty because as a
management commissions my wife and my
account already chopped that shit up I
got enough money about Camero
yeah I don't like to think about that I
have to think about it cuz you know I'm
black and you know shit ain't been too
good if you ain't got money if you poor
and black if you poor America's fucked
up yeah if you poor and black America's
fucked up with a dildora ass so you know
my whole shit is let me take care of my
money because my grandpa you know my
grandmother her family owned land they
started as sharecroppers but because
they our land
she could because she could become
educated because they could sell the
stuff they grew to stores and produce
markets and stuff so she they were
method and so she got to go to school my
grandfather his mother owned no land
so my grandfather had to work in a bread
factory and cotton mills and shit
so I knew the difference between
ownership and you know the advantages of
having something and there so it's
something I kind of obsess on because I
don't want my children to endure poverty
mmm and I didn't I grew a working class
you know my wife she jokes as she said
to the lot you know she's from housing
projects in Savannah and her grandmother
and my
work they were out of there but you know
she says to me me all the time you were
spoiled you know you're a little rich
kid so much she's like you had a fucking
RV I'm like I lived in an a-frame house
she's like I don't care your grandpa
your grandparents gonna for the RV you
guys went on vacation you're spoiling
right so I understand money means a lot
and it doesn't mean everything to me but
it helps to afford me to be able to take
care of my children
I completely understand it I don't want
to give a shit not gonna daily basis I'm
more like you but you think about
businesses you think about starting
businesses and forming businesses how do
you have the time to do that and write
and perform and all the other shit that
you do because in able to whether the
businesses enable me to enjoy writing
they're performing when I had to rap
when it was no choice it wasn't as fun
anymore because the pressure was am I
gonna chart can I make this much will
director versus you know if I have a
couple of streams of revenue coming in
you know it makes it a little more
relaxed and my art is freer that way you
know oh I like that answer that's a
great answer that makes sense that makes
a lot of sense actually yeah to free
yourself up creatively so that all you
have to think about when you're doing
that you're just doing what you want to
do yeah yeah man that's ideal that's
wise that's the go yeah if I'm a you
know a lot of people talk a lot of shit
about billionaires they like and they
want to be and then they're there tons
of billionaires from the nerdy sexy of
Bill Gates to the wild dope eccentric
sexy of Elon Musk to the oh geez of
Warren Buffett and shit I like Ted
Turner Oh
Turner's well Ted was the guy who got
nine got snookered out of six ended up
with one or two and it's like I'm living
my fucking life growing bison eating
good meat fucking cowboy hat when my
funky mustache like he was such a good
owner of teams in our city when he owned
the teams he was a great man with TBS
and he did a lot of good he's if you
know if a billion is the news that I
want to be a billionaire early but if
having a lot of money to standard I'd
like to be the quirky eccentric guy like
Ted yeah he always seemed free to me
yeah especially once you got rid of Jane
Fonda hey shouts ow
listen when he marries a farm to the
south where we literally thought it was
well made it was like the city of
Atlanta had went back to Gone with the
Wind
it was just amazing again it was people
were strutting around that you know Jane
Fonda's virtually our first lady you
know people start to but I'd she was a
nice lady to the city David Justice and
highly Barry were interesting to you
know not as interesting as handsome
bastard he was hands one mother from the
world was it what's the UH what's the
yachting of anyone know they gotta he
who's that he got in the yachting out of
nowhere his cup Americans that was in
America's Cup was it was that right yeah
Ted Turner lived a life that Ralph
Lauren puts on t-shirt yeah he looks
like like a billionaire in a movie too
he does the Great Gatsby typing uh he
does guy who's a wise billionaire brings
you in his study and you have a scotch
with him on ice exactly explains shit
dude and you're like what in the fuck
shots out that a it man I know you don't
get your love like a lot of the other
guys thank you on the cut he does the
fucking my Tanagra bison he's out there
chilled Amman rebounded the population
of bison so he could cook them and eat
them get the fuck out of here that's
badass man overalls respect that's how
my fucking grandfather dressed with the
same mustache that's what I want to be
like when I think about making 21
million is escaping the game and shit
this is me like maybe overalls in a
Braves cap but this is it now let me ask
you this how far away from him are dudes
with machine guns at all times he's in
fucking Montana habit so who wants to no
one wants to kill Ted Turner get some
money bro no one was out a man she has
two snipers he probably has it yeah he
probably has two snipers say east and
west and he has one guy within a few
feet of him but very relaxed I don't
think Ted's walking around like Gaddafi
you think you get to a certain work out
well for Qaddafi no it didn't work on a
wall for him he was hanging around the
wrong dudes have all that last video of
Qaddafi that is one of the most
disturbing videos in all of human
history to see him realize that they got
his over and then that guy Steve Jobs
that knife up his ass he's barely even
reacting
he's just he's in a state of shock like
you understand people who have not of a
certain age manie's with the feelings
when we were young man Gorbachev Gaddafi
cash throw like when you starting and
I'm not saying I agree or don't agree
I'm just saying they were game gets
given to us as the villains yeah I never
thought that he could go out the way he
went out bad we saw a couple guys go out
like that but I was the craziest one
that was that was him getting caught by
rebels executing him on the spot they
didn't even wait they didn't even wait
they're like fuck this fuck this trial
I'm gonna kill this guy right now they
threw his body on the hood of the car
and they're driving around like that
fucking deer yeah like a fucking deer
exactly bring it on research don't beat
the shit out of him it is it's a
horrible van his dye job is showing you
can see his gray hairs a little bit a
little bit in the temple yeah that's a
well but Tatar disability now one of the
most disturbing videos was Hillary
Clinton laughing about him dying yo bro
you see that video no she's doing an
interview and she they're talking about
Qaddafi she goes we Came we saw he died
oh ha ha ha ha I started laughing cuz I
guess this game of thrones worthy that's
hurt it was a circus aquino yeah that's
no I don't wanna not my friend called me
this year out has each a swift my wife
telling me I need a husband more than
wheat in the world needs a martyr that
and my friend called me saying you know
man really I just don't want nobody to
kill my friend dad that really made me
push it in perspective like maybe I
should keep singing and dance maybe you
should try to Braveheart this thing yeah
people definitely still do get shot yeah
alright now fuck what anybody says yeah
there was a dude who was an Enron
whistleblower
Enron whistleblower who shot himself in
the head twice yeah exactly exactly that
kind of shit yeah like that doesn't what
in the fuck are you talking about
do you ever read the strange death of
Vince Foster I have not it's a great
book okay it's about Vince Foster who's
in cahoots with the Clintons shot
himself
they when they found his body the gun
was still in his hand which never
happens guns fly out of here
there was less blood at the scene of the
crime than was missing from his body so
the idea is that someone moved him
someone put him there yeah right down of
his shit Freight Donovan shit they did
it for sure they did it but before there
was an Internet all you had to do is
grease the right amount of people and
plan in place and it's done it's done
they did it forever they did it through
the Roman era they did it fucking great
they did it beginning of time people
have been whacking people I concur I
concur I don't think this error a lot of
people acted so those were again like I
say these empires that we're under have
been thousands of years yeah so it's
like a corporation will change his name
yeah you know and go for it something
else I honestly I'm gonna at some point
get a was it whatever brother's name
Romulus and I forget the other brother a
foot who were suckled by the wolf that
was like to start the fake the fairytale
started wrong I want to get that as a
peasant pendant it's gonna be some right
I like artsy rap shit so I have like the
winged victory of some motorists is is
my Islam as a piece out of another piece
that's gonna that I'm getting that on
the pendant Jesus yeah it was it Romulus
and what's the other brothers in Remus
Remus hills Remus and Romney so
apparently our society that we live in
under now was the the the legend did
Jamie said we started by two brothers
who were nursed after after being
abandoned were nursed by a wolf so
Western society is built on that concept
and you're gonna ask me to give up my
fucking guns
the fuck out of you wolf to the wolf's
got chainmail around its neck exactly
bro yeah I'm gonna get that on a fucking
pendants gonna be like this rapper big
shit that's a war wolf good thing look
at that that's got its vitals protected
that's crazy
yeah that's what that's what we're
sitting in the middle up cheese Airy
Geist Erica baby suckled from wolves
from wolves so what do you think the
mentality of people who run outside
right I saw this I saw it in the loom me
and my wife was stoned as fuck that's
incredibly to the loom and I was just
like this I made us stared at what a
freaky looking wolf to tell ya hungry
and shit looks like a fucking hyena
actually
yeah it does it doesn't look like it's
got wolf hair cuz wolves are beautiful
yeah like with that that's an that wolf
ain't but it's weird to decide to make a
bald wolf that's a bald wolf yes like
shaved yeah there's no hair on it anyway
exactly show any hair who knows what the
fuck wolves look like that garden
they're gonna shave the hair into the
rock yeah that's true too yeah it would
be hard to shave it but still what a
freaky idea yeah so that's what you
suckled off of wolves yeah think about
an SS that's the mentality to rest up in
the room have you ever been have not
been to royalty I went a couple of years
ago for the first time it's amazing
stunning yeah it's stunning antiquity is
that what they call it yeah when you go
to the Vatican man you walk around you
realize how much these motherfuckers
stole there is billions of dollars worth
of art there and you're like where did
you get this money selling sneakers
fucking Bibles and we're gonna take all
of this art hits you it's crazy yeah
it's crazy yeah you know it's
interesting you know when you see Roman
guys with little dicks the little bang
they got big dicks were discussed like
big dicks were they were too savage and
not civilized they had little dicks in
these little statues if you look at
these beautiful perfect bodies all
little dicks and I was because they felt
like big dicks were gross oh wow how
crazy is that that's what the guy at
least the professor that was guiding us
little dick dude you're in the wrong
century yeah you Jess you were almost
there
the thing is though they want something
that doesn't exist right because the guy
was built like that's gonna have a hog
on them those guys are they're fucking
Adonis's right that's beautiful you see
Anthony Joshua step into the ring you go
that guy's gotta have a gigantic day he
has to look at him he's a fucking
specimen there's no way he has right
with that said if you look at
bodybuilding yeah but that's a different
animal they're they're breaking their
body's ability to perform testosterone
testosterone their nuts are shrinking it
fucked up yeah it looks bad I got a
picture of Ronnie Coleman that I send to
my friends every now and then just as
like a wake-up call yeah I save it on my
phone I send it I just want you to know
that this is how
big people can get so why you are you're
lifting weights just keep everything in
perspective and always know yeah but is
possible kid that's one of them Ronnie
let me show you the one that I got on my
phone Jamie
he just had back surgery again prayers
up the run I heard there's a documentary
about him that's on Netflix I watch it
it was a sad it was a not sad but like
you feel bad just like first of all it's
amazing he had that type of discipline
he was eating 10,000 calories a day he
was training for one hour a day doing
full full training top to bottom because
he was a confidence aim time and he was
just a bull about it here it is so with
that said he oh my god
see that picture yeah that's not good I
can't that's insane yeah that's insane
this one it's insane
yeah and now and now his his back is is
savagely just betraying him yeah well he
he apparently would lift so much weight
yeah he's much smaller now he would lift
so much weight and worked out so much
harder than anybody what just look I
want to send this so people can get it
that's the one that we're looking at
because it's so fucking first that's
like when you see the picture of that
bull exactly yeah
yeah they have something wrong with what
is that myostatin and yeah myostatin
inhibitors yes that mile statin is
something that parently it regulates the
muscle growth and when these mile statin
inhibitors when they do they either
happen accidentally on dogs called
whippet son have you ever seen a widow
with it whippets get they have an
anomaly that occurs pretty pretty rarely
where they growed like double the muscle
they fucking look super jacked you know
yeah pull up one of those myostatin
whippets okay sure
there's the Ronnie Coleman picture so
everybody can see it that's the one
we're looking at like what in the fuck
Jesus those pictures were as you're a
fat guy walking into a gym do more to
dishearten you the fucking happening
you would have to be on everything that
science has ever twice did to put that
kind of mass on mass and you have to
have perfect genetics you have to have
everything you have to get storm Jesus
Christ see if you can find those
whippets the myostatin whip it let's go
crazy looking it doesn't even look like
a real dog it looks like someone CGI
like someone's fucking with it I just
made this really real dog
there's they just have a weird anomaly a
genetic anomaly that makes them super
fucking jacked like how does that work
like I'm not I like people like I like
there it is no no that's real wow it's
real there's a bunch of them
it happens in this community for some
reason I've read something about what it
is about breeding that somehow or
another this gene this trait has is more
common in whippets than most other
animals that's crazy I like the
traditional style people like Pete from
The Little Rascals right yeah all right
the new pit bull the ones that are lower
and bulkier almost like the lowest as an
English Bulldog women are over muscle I
always wonder how useful are they well
if they get ahold of you you fucked a
desk this is just insane yeah a power
that those things have it's insane but
it's bad for it's really when you get in
a like this it's supposed to have longer
legs so it can move good pit bulls were
bred for a couple reasons they were bred
for purposes of fighting and purposes of
bringing down bull dogs run alongside
the bull grab the grab nose ring drop
their weight flip essentially football
yes I'm just thinking ourselves as we
like the aesthetics of what they look
like like what are we really doing these
little guys where they're fucking
they're buff to shit but they're short
of shit it's hard to get up a pair of
steps for they have such amazing
qualities because the fact they're
gained bread because the the ones that
are that responded negatively to people
that would growl at people or show
aggression to people they called them
yeah so the ones that are real game
dogsleds a little 35 pound males yeah
those are the best dogs on the planet
Earth man I've been trying to convince
Shay for like they're so nice you shave
every dog I'm like I just don't like
Shay I'm sorry I can't do like these
other rappers and get a fucking a girl
dog and act like this you already make
me hold your fucking purse
it's like I buy these things your
thousands of fucking dollars I shouldn't
be having to color-coordinate because
you want to fucking walk around you know
hold my purse yeah I have to go to
Phoenix sky it's one of her favorite
stores I'm going to Phoenix Sky hold my
fucking purse I'm like toilet hold your
purse is up you're hilarious checkmate
move the girls put on her gun is in
there though so I felt a little manly
but it's still a fucking Louie Vuitton
purse you know but if I had a if I had a
pit you're a great great great pig
didn't I'd be you know I'm just like I
can't get a girl dog I got you could get
a little pit bull and people won't even
know it's a pit bull yeah and they're
nice time I told her about my oldest
daughters 21 they're Anaya and we had we
had a we had a pit named coca Ania for
some reason didn't not like sleeping in
her bed or laying down in Iowa we would
have to and this is when I'm working
like I'm getting up going to work at the
fucking Advance Auto Parts her mom is in
school in beauty school it's like we're
tired we're young too young to have baby
we're beat the fuck up an Iowan only
sleep in her little rocker this dog was
sleep directly under her and if you were
not near her mother you were not walking
up there touching this child well and
when my daughter was awake she was her
best friend she's riding like a horse
you could tell her to sit stand she'd do
anything but to in her eyes to her
purpose in life was to make sure that
this child was safe that's a man that
was under pit bulls I know big boy on
pitfall kennels his brother he and
chains that when they they have amazing
dog yeah there's a lot of those out
there there's a lot of great pit bulls
out there the only problem with pit
bulls is they have an aggression towards
other dogs
they do absolutely yeah you have another
dog around there's likely gonna be a
scrap yeah it got to be exhausting for
me I understand I had well I'm Pro one
or two like my thing is I only have you
should only have one or two pits you
should have one pit that's dedicated to
you and the family we should have two
pits that are part of the family and
they understand you know who's the
dominant and who's the alpha do Zubaydah
I had one pit that I got from the pound
and she had been the pound for like five
months yeah she was an la animal shelter
she was only 11 months old she was a
prison dog basically she just most of
her life have been locked up in this
little cage and that dog if
bori else wanted to get pet she would
get up to them and go get the fuck out
of here she would show her teeth and
growl at him she want anybody getting
pet but her see what any other dogs
tried to move in she would growl at him
box him out she box him out like check
them like if you're trying to pet one of
the other dogs like no no no she'd get
right up in there you know what I found
with them they're like children and that
they throw tantrums yeah so if they get
lonely and they get lonely without you
like they miss you yeah they'll do shit
like just half the fucking sofa or the
house or yeah another lottery and then
you'll get there you'll call them you're
looking for them and they're like oh
shit I fucked up and they're hiding yeah
like in the room and shit like they are
on their brilliant little fuckers you
know my man my man CeeLo had a bunch of
great pitch back in the day so I want to
get a pitbull I'm declaring that today
Shana can't tell me what to do Wow
that's happening as long as you're a
responsible owner and train it well make
sure it doesn't get loose yeah and I
don't believe in fighting dogs no fuck
that um there are there escape artists -
you got to be careful yeah thank you
fuckers can climb a fence they can climb
a fence they're smart enough to open a
gate yeah I've seen a run up a tree
my oldest daughter has a tiny little dog
and it's one of the smartest dogs I've
ever seen because it's uh its parts
awawa and part of Australian Shepherd
dog I think but it's the only dog I've
ever had where its paw got caught on the
leash and it lifts its leg up and put it
behind the behind the leash
oh wow I've never seen a dog do that
dogs get that one arm and my fuck yeah
oh shit my bad and I looked at them like
you little motherfucker they're smart
little dude my wife had an Australian
Shepherd when I met her Muffy yeah dead
that's all it was a fuckin dog yeah
wha-wha sort of smart more a million dog
oh yeah they can be mean yeah
surprisingly but the weirdest thing is
that all those came from wolves
everything came from a wolf yeah all of
them that's nuts
every dog some and I say this some
people in my community but and humans
evolved from monkeys that was the words
of killer Mike just listening yes yeah
we definitely
didn't pop up just like we are I don't
believe that anyway what do you think
happen I don't know I don't know what
happened but my wife says joking you
gotta know my wife she's she's very cool
very down up she's my best friend she
speaks in a stick creo he like accent
and she'll just say things blindly I
don't know whether it was fucking
hilarious and she'll we're watching
planet eggs and she says you know people
are getting mad about it but shit when
you look at him
human beings do look like monkeys I mean
we probably were swinging the fuck
around a few thousand oh and I'm just
thinking to myself
you do realize in the black community
that's an insult even accomplice and
she's just because she's black oh crap
she's just like a man she poisoned the
screen I'm just like yeah we probably
fall you know and and and you know it
people can have whatever debates they
want to fight it for it you know I think
that we act a lot just like I think
human beings arrogant because we think
we can communicate and we can use tools
to build shit but basically we're
hairless apes and you know just because
we can communicate doesn't mean we're
communicating the right things animals
live in harmony with nature in a very
different way you know I mean they kill
for hunger you know I mean the Apes
can't kill for reasons that are not
hunger related things that they do so we
know that's a part of us but I'd
honestly think yeah I think we evolved
from something that didn't necessarily
look like us yeah yeah that may have
swam from tree we're the most advanced
of the primates but we exhibit
characteristics so we can see in the
lower primates and if you pay attention
to all the top scientists who have been
studying human evolution they're all
pretty much in agreement that there was
something that we were all similar to
and they all branched off in a bunch of
different ways it's amazing they keep
finding new forms of people - yeah I saw
I just found S&O via Interstate that's
the one from Russia so do you think yeah
look do you think ailing is really pop
down fucked a monkey and you know not
much later any we go look that would be
the most fun yeah I think so I think if
a pit stop happened and what was the
movie that was really crappy not as good
as it should have been that was the
aliens like precursor or something that
was shelled essentially where they meet
yes Prometheus right they should have
been very good in theater but yeah I
think I think the depth that's the
possibility alien
chick hanging out at the moon say yo
look at the blue flies to fucking go see
this and say yo pilot money looks great
fuck the shit out of it got out of there
and the next thing you know you have
warm pestilence and violence and poverty
and MMA mmm and joints but one monkey
that excelled is now a he passed way
past all the other ones like one
invention the invent the ability to
communicate and the ability that having
opposable thumbs the ability to
communicate and then it started
advancing as soon as it started talking
started figuring out ways to express
itself to each other and then they start
making things and they're off to the
races the next thing you know a couple
hundred thousand years later the world's
different people it's like this thing
erupts and then just covers the world
with its shit yeah
and that's us how do you subscribe to
the theory that we just may be a virus
and the earth may be getting rid of us
well no one would like to think that
right but the reason you call a virus
something it's just an word that's been
assigned to a living organism in a
system yeah by by medical science I mean
we all know what a virus is it's a real
thing it's amazing these brilliant
people have discovered it and come up
with vaccines to stop and prevent them
but it's a some sort of a life form
really essentially yeah now if we looked
at the earth as being a living organism
and we should sure it's certainly you
can make an argument that it's a kind of
a life form
yeah that it's a host of massive amounts
of life yeah
of all the life you would think that
maybe some of those things would not be
in harmony just like some of those
things in a human body aren't in harmony
Yeah right your gut bacteria is off or
you got a cold because there's bacteria
in your body that you picked up from a
fucking yeah bathroom somewhere or
whatever your solutely all that stuff
could easily apply to how human beings
interact with the earth are we the virus
don't act like because when you got a
look at at some point the earth is oh
you or the theory is it's a living
breathing organism here's what I could
say for sure
okay we are the virus to the ocean
because we don't even it at what and
think about it yeah that's life yeah
before we were monkeys we were something
that crawled out of the ocean right
right imagine that earth the ocean was I
mean I don't know what it was like we
are hunting 100 really style
this is where our fans wanted to go
we're still in this fuck I don't know
what the ocean was like a couple hundred
thousand years ago before people really
became what we are to tool-using
you know people that figured out how to
get out into the ocean and capture fish
who imagine if you could see it
imagine if you could see an image of how
many fucking fish were out there 200,000
years ago versus how many are now it's
like they live next to a vampire that
just keeps sucking the life out of it I
bet we've killed 50 percent of all life
in the ocean that's what I'm saying we
have to think of ourselves at some point
you gotta say maybe the best thing human
beings could do for the earth is to end
humanity
maybe but maybe viruses are there for a
reason too maybe that it all needs to
exist that means to be some sort of a
balance we're always trying to eliminate
bad things maybe they do serve some sort
of weird fucking purpose yeah so even
even in that we fire purposes healers
that's the talent of humans the ability
to adjust and make logic out of us being
here yeah well and to keep moving and
make more of us just China make it to
the moon they grew cotton on the moon
apparently already right yeah they grew
something in the moment it died yeah it
died quickly I was happy that it was
that cotton because seeing is how their
their being is investor in Africa and
China was growing cotton that didn't go
well for black people five hundred years
ago so I was just like please don't let
kangaroo
I don't want the trans melanic slave
trade to starting I have to learn
Mandarin this shit so you do you think
they actually set up shop before us or
as America's still number one because it
feels like I feel like we lost that day
we went China landed on the moon yeah I
feel like I feel like oh shit you know
you know I've grown up being you know
like I'm black I'm American but I like I
like America yeah exactly I feel like
we're bad like Frederick Douglass when
actually leave was out and I answered
you know what the fuck am I leave for
when I saw something like the moon
landing the China with the growing the
plants and landing there there what what
what exactly was it was it a what what
was the kind of ship that they landed on
the moon I'm gonna put one on the zone
apparently some type of role on the dark
side though right
on the side that we didn't make it to or
just went and tell me you love it was a
drone right you know what it was some
sort of a drone I think of that I
honestly think about that as a win for
science and for innovation
I don't think about in terms of like
nations because I feel like that is done
by scientist that's done by the Wizards
and the job so are you saying we're
gonna steal the scientists because when
Kennedy gave the fucking speech Kennedy
made it seem like the moon landing was
gonna make us the preeminent nation and
I think that's the propaganda China's
gonna rolling you don't think well I
think they have some fucking amazing
technology to deny that would be
ridiculous
but I also think that it's important
that everybody everybody be competitive
in this like if you really want to make
things better you're not gonna you
you're not gonna do that in a vacuum god
what helps the technological innovation
in one of the reasons why it's so
accelerated is there's so many people
working on it it's not just a few people
trying to make cell phones better I
gotta fucking so many geniuses out there
so when I see something like this like
they landed on the moon I go genius is
one you just hope yeah they're Chinese
people but they're just people we're all
just people absolutely you know and the
idea that they're gonna all get those
people on that side to think the same
way is what we're worried about right
that we're it'd be us versus them and
their technology's gonna impact our life
the way we frame it at the country yeah
we always worry about that you know you
have to admit that that's what that's
the way we frame it but if you look at
the history the world that's been that
happened so many times I think it makes
sense to be worried about the rest of
the world I get it you know I'm on and
I'm on this side of the fence so you
know and no problem with that but you
know know if if radar October's gonna
happen tomorrow fuck man I think
Russians don't hate us I don't think
anybody has a quarrel with anybody over
there it's the government's it's what
the Hustle is that the real interaction
is between a very small amount of people
that involves all these are the people
that are with them for some strange
reason I think they should just be
thrown essentially in a stadium to fight
to their death Putin would be the king
of the world fuck everybody of him in
that other dude that runs the other
little country next door that was on
recession yeah yeah yeah yes that guy is
a huge supporter of MMA be a fuckin
badass yeah
yeah there's some beefs over there truce
okay you know bad Putin would fuck up
Trump oh Christ
you can't a fight to the death with
Putin I would actually probably bet
Putin vs. Obama - yeah for sure look
Obama is probably better in a debate
yeah exactly that's what I'm saying
he's like Alan I think you'd have to go
all the way first one I think was badass
maybe as a younger man I mean you two
leave the CIA you got to have some
killer yes
you know what tough guy but I probably
have to get all the way back to Kennedy
in terms of physical prowess and his
back was bad I think he got to go to
Abraham Lincoln Lincoln he was wiring we
had that farmer farmer strength he did
why are you so old dudes back then we
had to carry everything trail they
didn't you know
farm work was real work it's his
favorite carry their own thing
everywhere all those dudes are just wiry
as fuck he was a wrestler too yeah all
right yeah so he's beloved in my
community we like him a lot no I get it
gross little thing called Emancipation
Proclamation did you see that stupid
fucking movie where they had him as a
vampire slayer' did you ever see that no
I saw the trailer and decided maybe
that's not the war for me you know it
was wonder what you have for your kids
don't actually to go see ya did Jamie
didn't you say it was based on a graphic
novel yeah yeah so it was like a fun
comic book that somebody made and then
they turned into a movie as a movie it
was like so weird
as a graphic novel probably worked
better yeah there's some things that
work that stay in their way yeah right
like there's some ring like that movie
though who says question that's it
there's a fun movie I mean it was dumb
and fun man but I'm just saying though
that's it I liked it yeah but who gets
it like who gets that movie who wears
what like the pitch me Yeah right so
Abraham Lee he's gonna kill vampires
from the fire with an axe what what yeah
they probably said another president
first and they said who and then they
say a rally
what's up chased by Tim Burton so oh I
love that dude he's wacky though he back
east of yeah Beetlejuice - yeah yeah
yeah yeah
he's so yellow can we get a John Woo
film soon can we get another hard-boiled
or the killer that we get when was the
last May it's been a long time and as
American movies although good were
nothing like well nothing like the
foreign films yeah hyper violent
stylistically beautiful slow motion was
used crazy him or Tarantino I just love
to drop a movie this year yeah I think
his style heavily influenced John wick
oh yes 181 right oh yes BAM sorry yes I
was fuck I love John we move desperate
hyper violence hyper violence beautiful
old school cars too yeah well the soap
that me on the guns the magic of the
slow-moving suit in the lead characters
yeah no reasons bad asthma dress is
impeccably to go assassinate people
perfect perfect attire it dissolves yes
I mean come on man driving around a 70
Chevelle SS male Mach 1 come on come on
trail that's a that movies amazing that
is really the second one I liked
I loved the first second I think I'm
want a lot love the third I'm hoping
please I didn't see any cars though I
saw the previews I didn't see cars I saw
motor so I just gotta give him a car you
gotta give him a car people to
understand men want to go to see that
car motorcycles bring out the teenage
boys oh yeah that's true I remember
ordering cycle world I even have a
motorcycle my mom like you you're gonna
get a magazine issues I Cora that's true
right muscle concert for old men young
age boys want ninja bikes oh let me tell
you something I want to share the secret
with the world I people notice all white
guys and young black men has the same
interest they both like young black
women they both like muscle cars they
both like slightly gaudy jewelry you
know not working and money you know I'm
saying but muscle car the crowd if you
go to meet them auction you're gonna see
like you know young black guys who and
and all white guys talking you know
talking to one another it's one of the
most beautiful sights I've ever seen
that's Larry that's out to Mike and Oh
God metal me come coming from Amica
marks there's a bunch of those auctions
right these barrett-jackson because you
need cover so is the working man's
barrett-jackson oh what's the difference
meet you
can actually afford the cars that you
know bear Jackson is beautiful cars but
you know you're going you don't spend
more money they got cars you can get
four but Barrett Barrett but with that
said they say the inspection process is
better and Myka meet them as the guy was
a blue-collar guy might have retired but
he wants to go there ox and he goes
here's a great car he's probably gonna
know something about cars and look it
over itself
mmm-hmm yeah man there's something about
the camaraderie of a fellow muscle car
enthusiast yes you know when you could
find a dude who's also just as stupid as
you
yeah about the poor money and something
that's never gonna fully make you happy
is you want to be there's some guys that
I'm friends with it's like this I
there's an extra bond because they're
just as stupid about cars as I am man
shouts out to my man Ron Paul you've
given more shouts out than anyone in
this is what you're supposed to do
shouts out to Ron Paul and Mike Musto
Michael yep Mike has my 96 Impala which
I got from Shawna Donald's hope you
chefs after Shawn got it from him
got the 96 Impala with under with under
1,100 miles on it at the time Ron did
some slight adjustment works over at for
Giotto just make the car even beautiful
just tweaked it lowered it a little bit
there's some cool stuff and Mike
featuring itself that's nice yeah yeah I
have different people that are pockets
in my life that love you so as I'm
shouting people out I appreciate you
letting me do a bit you know I know
they'll appreciate it you know that's
awesome Joe fucking Rogen thank you your
killer fucking money yes it's a big deal
I'm here that Mike my station was here I
know it was I'm alright back to Mike
Musto talking about how weird it was to
meet Mike Tyson here just so it's so
strange to hang out and talk to him
party
he's so iconic that whenever you're
around impart there's like 10% of you
that has to go holy shit it's Mike
Tyson's no matter what else you're
sayings 10% of your brain is going holy
shit that's Mike Tyson well you showed
the clip of the 51 year old Mike Tyson
hitting the bag I remember it as a child
he was the first person I see I have two
dads I have a non bio on a bio dad and I
he was the first person I had seen in my
life I say this guy could probably beat
my dad you know like everybody else you
know Mike because my dad's a pretty
tough guy had been a policeman
pretty good his hands my bio dad I mean
my novel father six-foot-seven you know
he played offensive tackle on same high
school teams Richard day so I got some
pretty you know badass dad's not they're
acting tough they just you feel
protected as a child right I already see
him Mike Tyson it's like he hit with
such vicious and evil intent it was
amazing yeah he could still do it yeah
that's what I saw he was in the bag like
he's still terrified yeah if he was a
young contender coming up you would look
at him and go wow this guy can punch
yeah he doesn't have nearly the hand
speed that he had when he was young
look at that yeah that was the peak he's
an amazing story though man listening to
him describe his childhood and how
custom Otto had hypnotized him yeah that
was amazing cuz I had never heard him
talk about that before and that's what
people need to understand like who he
was he people want to say oh he was he
was hyper aggressive and he did terrible
things and he was violent in this think
of how this kid grew up how's it
orphaned yes he was literally or taken
in by this one guy the first time in his
life where anything is positive and it's
all about fighting and being a destroyer
and he gets hypnotized by this guy to be
a destroyer and he's a physical specimen
he really is you put your hand grab it's
just his hand like his whole body's like
carved out of a a large block of rock
he's a tank of a man Wow you know still
to this day he's a tank and when he was
young they saw that right away Teddy
Atlas said on this podcast that when
Mike was 13 he weighed a hundred and
ninety pounds
they didn't believe he was 13 they
thought it were sandbagging they put him
in a 16 he said yeah okay say 16 nobody
would believe he's 13 they would come on
who's showing his fucking kids too
they didn't want to believe it and he
just let him have it okay okay you don't
because he said people were always lying
about how many fights people had they
would always say he's only had 10 fights
and you see the guy move immediately I'm
like oh my god this guy's had 50 fights
yeah but watching him and Teddy was
saying that that was always the hustle
that everybody always lied a little bit
about someone's record and when they saw
Mike Tyson at 13 weighing 190 pounds
some people that had just built perfect
for certain things
he was built to be that he's built
perfect from bobbin and Weavin and
getting tight
and he was so fucking fast his hooks and
uppercuts oldness I which fighter has
that uppercut like the legs loose had a
tremendous uppercut yeah yeah there's
there some fighters today Joshua as a
tremendous upper uppercut yeah there's
some different you know amazing talent
today but it's like what Mike had done
was revitalize the entire country's
image of the heavyweight division yeah
he's having for a while and no
disrespect but there was guys that just
like Pinklon Thomas was a champion and
Tony Tubbs they weren't the kind of guy
that you like look forward to seeing as
being the champion the world you didn't
believe it like I don't believe that's
the toughest car yeah well it might be a
tough guy I'm sure he's a tough guys a
professional boxer but I don't think
that's the best guy and then Tyson came
along there he is yeah my perfect name
had the perfect look he had the perfect
body of the perfect image and he came at
the perfect time
yep might when you look at hip-hop and
where it was and where Mike was at the
time it was a perfect synergy for him to
become a hero Mike Tyson Mike Jordan
like these people became icons at a time
where the United States like in the 80s
after getting up a kicking ass in the
debt crisis fucking up the 70s Iran shit
at the end of seventies early eighties I
steal I remember my grandfather works at
Hall still remember steal mother
grandfather still leaving America I
remember like it's just kind of being
like it wasn't his proud yeah and he was
one of those things that made you feel
badass and the times feel dangerous and
he was black and those little boxes he
didn't wear the boots wasn't flashy like
he was a perfect villain at a time where
villainy NWA
you know I'm saying yeah it was was
celebrated danger oh yeah I think he was
perfect for the times and I think he's
perfectly now like what Mike is when I
hear him interview and I really talking
people make fun of his list but whatever
and I think that gets in the way of you
hearing the real wisdom he's saying a
lot of times yes like mike has
repeatedly talked about change and about
growth and about how he doesn't see
things the same
thinking we actually listened to that it
kind of challenged us to do the same
shit that we really don't want to do
he's one of the rare guys that you'll
talk to that accomplished an insane
amount literally became one of the most
famous boxers in the history of the
sport and you talk about him now and all
he wants to do is dismiss that past life
yeah he wants a it's you like I was a I
was silly look out look at me I'm a
silly person yeah like he's a real
warrior like he's he is like in a
classic kung fu film he's the reluctant
teacher almost mm-hmm you know he's you
know you do you do you you know you do a
you do a movie Mike is the guy who you
as a student go to beg to teach you to
fight and you want one that you want to
know why he won't teach you and it's
because you found out later your teacher
killed someone you know in the ring or
some shit like he is he is really that
character he is a he's you could tell
even with the pigeons back in the days
that there's kindness and love in there
somewhere
yeah and now he gets to express it to
human beings you just see he's a happier
person you know until you bring up dark
Kings ain't yeah don't do that yeah and
then then you get scared like he's gonna
fucking beat me up and my dad he the
crazy thing about him selling weed now
is that he they chart what did he charge
him three hundred thousand dollars I
think free tested positive for the
Andrew Golota fight for weed so they
find him three hundred thousand dollars
they just stole money from him cuz he
had weed in the system now he sells weed
they should let everybody smoke it it's
good for your brain if you're if you're
especially if you're doing something
like slamming into each other running 30
miles an hour
yeah it's probably good to give them
something to calm them down or release
some of the inflammation yeah I mean
grown adults telling you you can or
can't do it it's just what's ridiculous
about a grown adult telling you they
can't the ones who say you shouldn't
smoke weed they don't do it they don't
they don't know what they're talking
the ones who do or don't or the ones who
have and like I don't do it anymore I
don't like to get high anymore those
guys you're like okay I get it used to
you don't like to do it fucks with your
productivity whatever I get it but if
you never done it and you're talking
shit about it you don't even know the
benefits you really
there's benefits too there's definitely
some people get fucked up by everything
whether it's weed or alcohol or speed
people get fucked up some people get
fucked up by benadryl yes but I can
honestly tell you that I read an article
in Huff Post or something years ago that
talked about parents who smoked and
stoners actually being more engaged with
their Tunes though that doesn't mean you
get up and you get fried the first thing
in the morning take your kid to school
but it does mean that we're drinkers or
smokers would come home and almost avoid
the child to smoke or drink or do
something else we're had other things
going on
stoner would literally pop up may take a
hit or two of the joint and the focus
would be more on just being the child
parenting kind of kicking it cooling it
yeah you're way more curious when you're
high so if you're just a little bit high
and you're around kids your your would
be thinking more the way they're
thinking or trying to be a little calmer
with them and a little bit more a little
bit more patient it makes you a more
relaxed person absolutely because the
anxiety is given to you mm-hmm
shouts out the Shaolin writing to God
shit was talked about and he talked very
openly about anxiety in that he's one
yeah these are the people I'd like to
see you bring up - is it grateful I got
that on tape - I got that one in audio
it's nice I was listening - I was
running yeah like man there's because he
reads it yeah we don't acknowledge that
like in the african-american community
kidney disease is something that places
and they're not just diet carrying
around stress and and all that anxiety
is bad for your kidneys that's where
you're feeling stress beats up the most
yeah I think it's very important for all
of us to be honest about how we feel it
doesn't make you weak it just makes it
makes you brave enough to be able to
express honestly what everybody is
probably feeling but it scared to bring
up because they don't want to be thought
of as weak yeah they don't want to be a
whiny bitch yeah so I don't want to tell
you what's going on it's wrong but
especially something like anxiety meant
the delicate balance of chemicals that
exist in the human mind and how much it
can be affected by stress and
relationships and life in general and
your diet and all these other factors
and then there's genetic issues and some
some people just have problems yeah a
while tired and you can get help you can
get help and get help through cognitive
therapy you can get help through the
medication there's a lot of people that
believe that ecstasy should help people
but they should be able to do MDMA
therapy for a lot of people with stress
it's a lot of talk of that now and now
that thing your body you making the
decision on what to put in it yes it's
more in line with right than wrong well
especially if there's science behind it
yeah like if they if they allowed it to
be legal then you would you would allow
it to be regulated which means you would
allow it to be like you would know
exactly how many milligrams of this is
in this and how much you should take if
you weigh a hundred and twelve pounds
versus you weigh 212 pounds that all
those things should be taken in
consideration by scientists absolutely
and if we had that if we just had
freedom I could see that yeah I think
there huh but they're having a lot of
studies or a lot of success rather with
veterans and treating veterans with MDMA
and maps
you know Maps the psychedelic
organization know rid of them
there are an organization that is
working to try to make psychedelics
legal and one of the things they're
pushing initially is this MDMA study
that they've done with veterans and
they're showing a significant benefit in
reduction of PTSD and stress from
veterans who come home and they've seen
a lot of shit over there and they're
just you know fucked up from it and it
seems to be one of the best things I've
ever found and discovered for alleviate
the other thing that they've used it on
is I think John Hopkins had one they did
with psilocybin same sort of result give
people psychedelics under controlled
situations and they have a big
alleviation of stress from the past they
can let things go I got introduced to
mushrooms Oh Cass DJ and that was a
beautiful experience
I'd reduced my wife to one because of
that hmm yeah so I can I can definitely
see that yeah there's something to them
yeah for sure there is me and I'll do me
and I'll enjoy mushrooms while we make
music do you really yeah mushrooms wheat
and whisky under a whiskey drink some
tequila or what I call the others
tequila mezcal is it yeah yeah he drinks
mezcal I drink whiskey and Dom shrooms
and we usually we had drunk ants in here
from yesterday apparently Richard
Rawlings brought this cinnamon tequila
and some of it spilled on the table and
the ants had found it pop up everywhere
they were everywhere they were drunk
there was a just old giant line of them
like they found the fucking bar in the
middle of space and got at it yeah they
found it and when we got here was
covered in ants drunk aunts my wife made
me hang out at a bar all night last
night with her and her friend they got
shit-faced drunk threw up in the uber
nice running through the hallway in
their underwear back at the hotel that
sounds like good night yeah growing up
in the uber like how many times does
that happened to those poor bastards
yeah I took the goddamn $200 I'm sorry
bro you know how much puke a large
amount not but enough to be aggravated
so she had a bag so you know you think
that the bag catches but it wasn't
plastic you know I thought it gave a
little leak it's hard to get that smell
out that puke smell yeah cost about 150
bucks to get a Pew smell out really that
shit is in your body like imagine if you
turn yourself inside out I smell the
penis first part of the morning but puke
smelled is something that's why I don't
like yoga hot yoga rather regular yoga I
can endure why don't you like it because
hot yogurt no fart like yo man
moms are farting you know straight up um
you gonna hide yo you ever do hot yoga
you ever had a hot chick convince you to
do that shit it's like my wife's hot so
she could talk to me in the most dumb
shit right so yeah we're gonna fuckin
hot yoga yeah hot moms tits
asses yo this shit you got a block for
me to sit in this fight
whoo bitch - too far up second yeah like
I know my wife far that's not my wife
fart and then you say fuck it you start
farting oh no man you know that shit
laughs yeah
yes I don't I don't fuck with hot yogurt
I'd rather just do regular yoga and then
to just sauna that shit out like you
yeah um I like hot yo girl I like it you
know fart tell truth I don't I do it
acid okay but I know first thing in the
morning respect you know one farts
though Oh people for Forsch people fart
if you go to the early classes okay all
right
rolls yeah yeah there's a couple
different places that I go to but I like
going to the early class the same day
sometimes most the time no all the time
no Dumbledore I have if I have an injury
if I have something that's fucking with
me but if I do that I almost consider it
like a sauna because you get so goddamn
hot like the room might only be 104
degrees but when you're working out hard
doing yoga
your body is poor and sweat you must be
heated up as warm as you get in a sauna
it feels the same way to me it feels
like almost like I'm trying to work out
in the sauna not sure there's doing some
study now on you know at Harvard about
it about heat shock proteins and and hot
yoga and you know how much inflammation
it reduces and how beneficial is to you
I forget what scientists were involved
in it but a bunch of people were talking
about it the other day I know it
definitely gets gas out your ass it
definitely does well if you have
something that you shouldn't be like you
eat a hotdog with sauerkraut and a coke
and then two hours later try to go to
yoga class you're a criminal
you're a terrible person
and there's nowhere for that fart to go
either it's stuck in the day yeah that's
the thing it stays there but if you get
the real earthy chicks they burn sage
and then they suffocate you and you got
a leader the real earthy chicks yeah you
do you know sage someone told me this
check and see if this is right we might
have talked about this before salvia is
sage salvia divinorum someone said is
like the same shit as sage really yeah I
know a lot Shaye burn sage use a sage
burner first I couldn't really really
like the way it smelled and now it's
almost addictive like it's a beautiful
smell it's a weird smell it is weird
someone said it's like related to to
salvia divinorum like there's so closely
related they think that that might have
been why they call it sage that's so did
you get those sound off stage you get a
little buzz or something I don't know
I've never really I've never caught a
sage buzz yeah I mean but it does calm
you like the vibe like I walk in the
room and I smell it now I instantly feel
just like yeah
the sages the common sages official name
is salvia offense and novice or some so
it's like a cousin the salvia Jane or
I'm sort of like genius mmm believe it
solid I never know if I could say genus
or genis I always panic on that one I
believe its genus so that's uh I wonder
if that's where the name sage came from
because the sage is a wide / a wise
person it came from the use of some
trippy plants could be it might be or
might just have some other strange what
find out like what's the origin of the
word sage oh and it's in the mint family
so that makes it why is it called sage
sage was once considered a medical
additional cure-all sage is an herb that
has a sweet yet savory flavor sage but
technically known as salvia officinalis
is native to the Mediterranean region
sage sages botanical name comes from the
Latin word salver which means to be
saved huh interesting
so why do they call it sage then so
someone calls it salvia and salvia
whatever the fuck it is and then we call
it sage why do we change the name that
still doesn't doesn't say why we change
the name
I thought botanical name makes sense it
comes from the word salver meaning to be
saved that makes sense but why sage do
you mean like we like in English yeah
why do you say so they stopped at it
from however they were using it back in
the Mediterranean region whatever word
they use very close but they always like
treat you like you're stupid like you
have to have a botanical name like bitch
just tell me the name what's the name
why does it have two names what is it
what is it sage or is it Fosca Midas I
have a toast to sama mean yes he's sage
definitely yeah it's crazy ask names you
guys want to give them absolutely
scientists they're all like look I will
tell you let you have let you make your
own little name for yeah you go what do
you want little people there you go
people that don't understand science
let's just call it sage that's right
sage you can't pronounce that salvat
salvia norm can't do it
have you ever experienced that stuff
salvia no that's what that was one of
the ones that slipped through the 1970s
psychedelic tack they had a sweeping act
that made a bunch of things illegal
including apparently some of the things
they made illegal aren't even
psychoactive they just try to make
everything illegal but they miss salvia
so you used to be able to buy it used to
be able to go to a gas station and buy
salvia and trip your fucking balls off
what's it what's the salvia trip like
it's I only did it once
and it was really weird it was like I
don't think I did enough because I Ari
Shaffir had a entire life he lived for
three months in one salvia trip that
took ten minutes we talked to him about
his the craziest fucking story he had
relationships and breakups and jobs and
and he lived a different life and then
woke up on the couch in ten minutes
underwater yeah he lived underwater
right yeah yeah dude just trapping balls
on this stuff that you could buy from
the gas station SSI it was crazy I try I
try to stay in very dense indicas so
there are times where I yeah very
distant again the mushrooms kind of take
me on a trip E riot yeah but I don't I
don't know how far I want to go that's
the skiers re right there that's him
tripping they got it all on video oh
yeah him and this is some stuff that you
I don't know if it's legal anymore I
think they've made it illegal but used
to be able to buy it virtually anyway
head shops they also they all carried it
and it's so much more potent than weed
but yet legal and has a long history of
people using it to it straight tripping
so what I did it I didn't get any of
that but I did get a third I wouldn't
want you to be that tripping you're a
strong guy you know your your stocks
yeah you don't want it you don't want to
have to be the homie to save the homie
from itself and the homies to physically
fit Herschel Walker's trippin bad
Herschel Walker's kicking his own ass
you know Sam Ronnie Coleman you would
literally have to have Costas eyes of
Ronnie Coleman and then he'd still be
fucked they would still be fuck you'd be
fucked
yeah I saw myself from like outside my
body like like but pulsate in my body
and outside my body in my body now it's
on my body from like over here yeah
looking down on myself yeah my mom but
she had she died on the table for a few
seconds Jesus and she said she saw
herself I wonder what that is because
that's the same thing that everybody
says I mean regardless of your religious
beliefs just stop for a second and try
to figure out why so many people see
themselves from above their body see
themselves outside their body like what
is that well we know what I mean I mean
all all people at any of in science kind
of agree at this point the body is just
a vehicle of sorts yeah machine of sorts
that whatever energy or Salwa sphere
wonder if you trying to identify this
it's within it but it does disconnect
out imagine I'm hoping that they figure
out how to put my soul in a computer
before I die I'd like to live a couple
hundred more years fuck off what if it
sucks though yeah what if trying to be
alive dude if you're if you're in a
computer you can't die no I'm saying if
you're 89 you're about to get the fuck
out of here you got the opportunity to
upload right and 229 again for the next
29 years like he'll fuck that I might
try that before I decide to click on
either you know I think they're gonna be
able to reverse aging and I think
they're gonna be able to do that before
they're gonna figure out a way to get
you into a machine we'll see I think the
real problem would be a guy like Trump
putting himself in like a million
machines just not one not one like
someone has like a Ted Turner bankroll
says yeah I like about a million kids in
this town starts breeding Ted's yeah but
but robots what Trump ain't got Ted
money no he might not happen but he's
got money for a few robots yeah yeah
yeah those robots will go out and make
more money our robots gonna destroy us
that's a very good question yeah and
that's something that Elon Musk is
actually scared of really yeah that's
something a little Duvall says it's
gonna happen if they roll he's a very
intelligent got to just besides making a
good record he talks about us
essentially replacing each other with
robots soon it's entirely possible
well the way Elon Musk looks at it is
he was trying to warn people but they
weren't listening and that there's no
telling how powerful they could get once
they become sentient once they start
taking control their own destiny and
creating new robots and and just
deciding whether or not we live or die
and how they're gonna run things they're
essentially they're gonna become a
life-form an artificial life-form yes
way fucking smarter than us
yeah and he's saying do you think it's
smart to arm these things you see it's
smart to make this like he's look at it
in terms of he's the tip of the spear
right and it comes to technology and an
implementation of it I mean think about
who this guy is right if he's the one
who's telling you everybody's kind of
slow the fuck down this is dangerous
you literally might be making a
Terminator movie yeah you literally
might be making a Terminator movie yeah
we have to worry because we when were
you're saying that you think we evolved
from monkeys we evolved from some lower
thing well the idea is that we get to
keep going
well if we might hit a biological
bottleneck and that might be the whole
convergence of humans and technology
that might be what it's all about
like biologically this system doesn't
move fast enough but if we can transcend
this and move into some sort of a
digital life that life we can accelerate
all of the innovation all of the the
improvements in insane numbers
lightyears so travel through time yes
change the fucking nature of life itself
that's gonna probably be one of the
stages of our future whether it's a
thousand years from now or a hundred
thousand years from now it seems to me
like with this adoption of science and
into our daily lives in terms of like
the technologies that we're all addicted
to phones and tablets and all these
different things often say he says that
we're a cyborgs already extension easer
this is just a rudimentary way yeah he's
right for sure right you're already
living people already living through
this oh yeah yeah yeah and he's also
coming out with something called neural
link I don't exactly know what it was he
was very vague about it who's saying it
was gonna change the bandwidth to change
your your like your ability to access
information and people are gonna wear it
you know wear this thing on your head
it's gonna literally charge up your
fucking brain some strange like strange
days but he couldn't he couldn't explain
too much about it but he was saying it
was gonna come out in a few months what
enough fuck man we're we were you know
30 or 40 years away from being
unrecognized
that's what I think I think we're thirty
or forty years away from being living in
what's at the time living in a virtual
world half the time live in an augmented
world
I think people gonna exist in these
weird worlds where it feels real and
isn't I think they're gonna come out
with programs that are fun at first but
then become life consuming or you put on
these fucking goggles and this suit and
you go into this world and you live with
these people interact we touch each
other but no one's there physically but
you feel like you are and it's magically
like you're living in an avatar you're
on Pandora you're hanging out with the
blue people got you with the Navi that
shit could happen don't you literally
get to a point where you believe you're
there or we could be there now we could
be there yeah that's a sneaky sneaky
argument right yeah but that that that's
the truth of it it is a truth right
could be that we could be there we could
be a part of a simulation here that's
nothing that you on my side oh my god
dammit you're supposed to say no you're
supposed to say no it's impossible
deja vu could be just a glitch yeah sure
so I just try to live like my grandpa
said just enjoy the regular shit as much
as you can you know maybe I won't upload
maybe I just don't want to go early and
then the fun stops but I think that
there's a beauty and now that I'm
getting older I guess I see a beauty in
in the life death cycle mmm I want to
die now I don't wanna die tomorrow you
know that's what I'm telling self the
fucking treadmill goddammit you know
what my grandparents were always adamant
about not going an old folks home and I
used to think it was about they didn't
want to be treated bad they thought we
forget about him something they never
wanted to stop living so my grandmother
died in my arms walking up a hill to my
granddaughter Tim to her great
granddaughters my daughters on pre-k
graduation and my grandfather died
fishing which was his greatest love next
to my grandmother you know I mean and
they I realized that their life never
stops
they literally died living so I guess
that's that's that's maybe ultimately
what the real thing you should think
about is whether we're in the machining
outside of it you know live the best
possible life you shouldn't be trying to
escape your life with goggles or even a
phone
you know this shit is to be lived I
agree unless this is the goggles yeah
putting goggles on inside the goggles
like mirrors looking at mirrors movie
and then we figure out who we really are
could be me that would be the ultimate
mind fuck if you put on the goggles one
day and you realized you got to get out
of here man no I do not I'm just you
make me think of something I'm just
stoned and I think that I forgot the
fucking name wheels but there's an
exhibit at the High Museum I'm on the
board of the High Museum right and
there's an exhibit there about Japanese
artists and it involves debt it is the
infinity mirrors ticket so is um Yayoi
he's got it Osama it's a bum you got it
yeah so anyway kusang yeah yeah I'm not
I'm not good I'm not good at that but in
federa I'm taking my daughter I'm taking
my key when I invent my keys in 11 girl
exactly and I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm
gonna probably hit a joint a couple
times
I mean we're Ober down and I'm gonna
walk through this museum and she usually
doesn't like going with me because
people kind of sometimes they'll
recognize me and it bothers her if she's
really trying to hang out with dad you
know I mean but I'm gonna get a chance
to walk through there was just me and
her kicking solo dolo
and just experience that with her just
that you see the cobbles and off to the
mirrors on mirrors so I'm looking
forward to having like that's dope that
looks amazing yeah yeah fuck that's
incredible yeah I'm on the board I mean
I got asked I'm a rapper when was this
Museum this is the High Museum in
Atlanta we have one of the most premium
beautiful modernist museums in the
country we it's greatly supported I'm on
the board
our the greater issue how do you have
the time to do all this shit you making
me feel lazy but man I just I stopped
doing as much dumb shit just decided to
be a responsible husband and dad and go
stripclub couple times a week said
everyday I'm sleepy shots out too sleepy
I miss you bro but they axe men for
harmoo for how long
dr. humble picot and I know I'm saying
his last name wrong is an artist who my
wife owns his piece he did the rap music
cover my wife has a piece on loan to the
Carlos Museum at Emory University he's
wondering he's just he's going to be a
Basquiat like artist intern
of how he's talked about and more he's
an amazing human being an artist we're
lucky enough to own some of his works
he's on the board and he suggested that
me and a guy named Kenyon it worked over
at Interscope beyond be brought to and
they met us and they accept it and I'm
like you out understand I grew up about
four or five miles from this place and
for most kids this place was an
impossibility to go to because their
imagination wouldn't let them do it
right so you're in these cities a lot of
times you have very poor or working
class areas that are right next to
things that are inspiring but kids are
not brave enough to break the filtering
goal because they're never encouraged to
Ted Turner and the High Museum and
things like that have always made it
very accessible so when Ted Turner are
on the praising Hawks if you got bees an
age you got tickets to the game alright
so you can see baseball part of reason
baseball down in the cities is because
the stadiums moved out and you couldn't
see it right the High Museum and the
Woodridge found that Woodruff foundation
so which is a cope charity gave me and
two other kids a scholarship to go train
on Saturdays to draw and paint stuff
like that so this museum has been in my
life since I was a kid so being actually
getting on the board was just a huge
honor and especially having an eleven
year old now they're probably gonna want
to be an artist man it makes me the
coolest dad in our life so yeah plus
like what a thing on the resume yeah
just looks so sophisticated I know right
I get to go buy a jacket and slippers
one of them jackets with the leather
patches on the head one of those
scholarly gentlemen perhaps even I have
a pipe into some tobacco yeah I got
class man yeah man for sure that's cool
that's cool you're involved in all those
different things yeah it's very
inspiring you know you're doing a lot of
shit you honestly have a mind for it
yeah you know it's like have you always
been entrepreneurial like that have you
always been I never I just didn't want
to be poor hmm I just repeat the world
treats poor people pay it you know I
didn't grow up poor I grew up working
class
so you're taught to work that's what you
do yeah and I didn't like working I knew
I was I know I was lazy by nature so you
got to figure out but it's cool you
applied that as well as you're still
artistic yeah oh you're still very
creative you know your raps are good
your fucking flow is great I get your
rap
great yeah I got I got a thousand if I
was a fighter I probably a multi style
fighter I have I have the ability to get
on attraction rap next to TI and Big Boi
you know next to bumpy and you know
project pad and next to LP and be
something totally different every time
I've been blessed with some talent you
know I mean and um I'm glad that I got
with L because L is L is like the
Freddie Roach of producing and rapping
right he's a great fight coach for me
when I first heard his beats I was like
no one in the world rats vinarov his be
sent me I'm supposed to be rapping over
his beats so he was always supposed to
do three beats on my first album on rap
music but I went into a fucking campaign
to make him do the album so I start
calling them like this how he became
friends like yo so you know man when
records are dough you know we got to
finish them up yeah yeah man I'm working
on my album yeah man I'm still right
remember I gotta get yourself a yeah you
gotta make sure but so what's up don't
mean you need to do the whole album bro
I can't do it alright call back a couple
days so you thought about it thought
about what well we talked about we
talked about about you doing my whole
album you know I told you know now you
didn't mean that bro Italy finally just
a cover I think you got a copy probably
compensate here some more money he was
just like fuck it and we became friends
in man I truly believed that like you
know he is he's my Gus tomorrow in terms
of being able to put me in focus and
training like Freddie Roach how you see
Freddie Roach bring things out of
Fighters that you know are in them but
no one knows how to bring out and yeah L
does L does that so the discipline you
know I've gotten with him it's great
that's the great thing about partnering
you know your weaknesses are kind of you
can identify and fix them you know
because you have someone training there
with you right there right you feel
inspired by your partner absolutely yeah
and I love them for it
yeah when two people really enjoy each
other's company and and benefit from
each other's presence and get inspired
by each other the two become bigger than
just one plus one absolutely absolutely
that's why I you know I make sure when I
when I'm introduced you know another
sudden you know Joe Rogan's people know
I'm Michael render killer Mike but
another place I always say you know
first and foremost on Michael render
because my mom named me killer Mike's a
character that I enjoy playing you know
and I'm Shay's husband and one half run
Jools these things are more than just
who I am they make significant you know
change in my life if I live up to the
honor in those titles and you know I'm a
better person so eldest my relationship
is a very important one second maybe
only to my life yeah and your way of
discussing this too it's since you're a
fun guy and you're an inspirational guy
in terms of your work ethic and all the
things even chief when you say things
like that you talk about your word and
you talk about who you are that's very
powerful to young people coming up
because they'll hear that they'll hear
how smart you are and how well-read you
are and how much you understand about
the business and and in life it's in
general and then they hear how your
thought process works and it'll help
them you know mature their own thought
process gravitate towards positive
things it's very beneficial hey Thank
You Man I mean I learn a lot like I
listening to you check checking out the
guest you bring on just pick it up from
area I just believe it picking up
whatever yeah well that's all I'm doing
man I'm just picking up with an antenna
that spreads it out yeah it's a hell of
a job thank you do I have a weird gig
yeah I know but you do it like your main
job is making people laugh and your
fucking side hustle is making keep
making people think that's that's an
amazing style house over honey
it's overwhelming though sometimes so
sometimes I do so many of them and I do
some of them on subjects where I'm not
even well-read yeah I don't exactly know
if his guess is being honest or if
they're you know but you're learning
right that's how your filter that's not
you like that's how you count out you
fall in the shit you don't you know like
you don't you don't wake up and no yeah
you wicked wake up curious and you can
search and you're honest you have an
honest and an integrity with your
audience where you say I was wrong about
this or I've learned to picked up more
of this I think that's what it's really
about you know I mean I don't think it's
about being right or knowing all the
time you your forum is very dope because
it's conversational and not contrived it
really is me having the ability to as
we're talking you know Google research
had these notes you I don't know if you
know well of course you don't dick
rectory sure an amazing comic what an
amazing reason why we know about the
Zapruder film it's exactly
get ready brought it to her although
Rivera I knew this man his last three
years of life first of all first meeting
him he cursed me in t-i-is though he'd
stolen the tires off his car right why
would he say well me and T I just kind
of got on like two hokey rappers that
kind of saw them you know it's you know
we're we've embraced the fact that our
community looks at us as leaders right
we're not trying to be dr. King or
Macklin
but we're businessmen we're rappers we
have accountability and responsibility
in our community so we accept some of
what comes with that and we are willing
to do things so in considering
protesting considering you know talking
to politicians on the behalf tweet and
you have to consult with elders so we
get on the phone with them like you know
so what do we do like kids are getting
shot how should we be engaged should we
wait should we march in March March
nigga what the fuck you go March fuck we
marched 50 years ago you know pedals
don't open the street up let you mind
tell you close itself and then shoot
your hands if you gonna you just like oh
shit like I never actually I never
thought of that
and this is more serious than we're
showing up and we're angry this is
confronting government and once
government has shown you do something a
few times you have to practice guerrilla
warfare or you're just doing what the
British did that lost them America
you're stepping up in the formation
shooting you're shot falling back
stepping up for you're just playing a
fucking game where they're dancing first
is doing things that really disrupt the
system and things that really progress
to move and I was like oh shit you know
this is radically this guy's is more
than just a funny man he's more to say
he's really sacrificing lady that shit
down so yeah we got cursed out by Dick
Gregory tip hung up why and then called
me back later like man you know like ate
my phone messed up dog you know til
talked cool it's my father I said nigga
you hung up he said for what he say you
know but but around that you know tip
and I have have been able to be of
better benefit to our community you know
and then when I say our community I
don't mean someone
imaginary mythical rapper place I mean
the five ten mile radius we grew up in
you know we've made some some some
change you know what I mean and for the
better we're gonna bring some jobs and
shit like that and I think that that's
cool that's very cool it sounds cool -
sounds like you're you you think in a
very positive and a progressive way of
helping community in a real sense yeah
that's nice to hear man yeah I hope I
hope I help some people for I get out of
here I also young people say you know
and your music is fun as fuck yeah
straight up kick your dick punch you in
your face music it's fun yeah it's
really good shit like you I got a great
job yeah I mean the secretary job of
doing the TV show it's no but I got a
great job you're a great stand-up man
thank you you I mean in the line of like
Carlin and Hicks like you really push
buttons and make you know you make
motherfuckers twist like oh shit and
think and go home and that's that's rare
it's easy to do you know kind of shucky
shit but you I like your shit thanks for
I appreciate you like on my music thanks
man yeah I love your music yeah no I
appreciate it it's uh I think we both
are in tricky businesses yeah I I get a
lot out of music man I get a lot of fun
and energy out of listening to music I
don't have any musical talent at all but
when I hear good music I get excited man
it fires me up like I mean it's I think
it's one of the most important things in
our culture in terms of like our ability
to generate energy and motivation it's a
vibration yeah really is it really I
what with me man I think you guys are I
think right now stand-up comedy is the
last vestige of freedom of speech in
this country and you guys are to be
protected at all cost and I think if
people don't protect you at all costs
it's gonna be at the arm for though for
the worst of us all I definitely think
there's something to that that it's
there's very few people that are as free
with what they're allowed to say like
stand-up comedians because we're saying
this crazy shit under the guise of it
being funny yeah so you can get away
with saying a lot of things that won't
be criticized as long as people laugh at
them and you have a good point
if you're just making the points without
the joke people wouldn't they wouldn't
want to hear it they get mad at ya but
something about delivering a point with
a joke
that's why trigger warning works yeah
for sure yeah it's one of the last ways
you can deliver a message that maybe
people don't agree with but if you can
make them laugh at some shit they don't
even really agree
and they're laughing hard they'll see a
little bit of your point yeah absolutely
absolutely
I know when you set out to do trigger
warning what did what was the was the
initial premise and how much of it did
it change until once you got to
production and what you started filming
you're one of the only people who've
asked that question you can you come in
the business bro
yes originally we shot it with FX and we
over we overdid it it looked really good
but it looked really TV and it could
have been dope but it would have been a
parody of a very real thing I was
tempted to do and right now I'm talking
about coca-cola what it turned out
turned into a Netflix was a real
in-your-face simple and plainly shot
documentation of the possibilities of
barbershop arguments right so I'm in a
barbershop argument you get to say you
know the only thing that separates Al
Capone from Joe Kennedy is Al Capone got
caught and eventually died in prison and
Joe Kennedy went on to produce
presidents but they both have been
bootleggers you know people say shit
like these barbershops are and you need
you have to go home and be accident
yourself like well damn if Papa Joe did
was a bootlegger like technically it
couldn't went fucked up for me and we
never would have had an American dynasty
versus Al catching siblings and shit and
they're not going so well but him being
the preeminent marketing campaign and
face of any Capone like thing you want
to sell cigars to a restaurant right
yeah so it got it I got a chance to say
you know well shit what if I could do
this for my guys and again giving it a
shot and giving it a try I thought of
that shit at 15 years old I started
trying to figure out how to do it 10
years ago
Daniel and I got it done eight nine
years later and and now you have this
and I say that just to say that I read
Brian Koppelman the creator of billions
um is a brilliant writer to me and he's
a freezer friend also but Brian has been
putting up lately these just encouraging
things telling writers to write even if
your self is getting bought even if you
don't think it's good to write to push
yourself to push the idea if
bored and I've been taking a lot of
inspiration for that because Daniel
Daniel wine fell and I wanted to Co
writers and co-creators Daniel and I
have been talking in developing this
over 10 years now I know how to do it
how to go in a room how to get it you
know it won't take me 10 years for the
next one but it was worth the struggle
you know it was worth doing that it was
worth tweaking my idea was worth
critiquing my idea to be like the first
time around like 9 it's not it's not
what it should be because I was nervous
as shit the night before it came out
about everything and you know what
scenes were shot how did it look the
production value and now seeing people
get it and unlike a lot of other artists
not have to call yourself a genius let
me tell you people every artist thinks
there's a genius every comedian thinks
they're fuckin Richard Pryor in some
part of your mind you have to think
you're great or why do it you have to
believe there's greatness in you right
but I never wanted to be the guy I'm a
fucking genius you know I mean I just
never won but to see it because I always
thought the idea was genius like fuck
that shit you remember real people that
used to come on ladies I remember
watching that show as a kid looking at
motherfuckers like wow these muffins
existing in these off far places like
Iowa and Kansas and I wanted to approach
it I wanted to approach people in a very
I'm here right in front of you kind of
way not above you not celebrity Michael
Morris but people normal rapper and it
gave me an opportunity and people can
say it's genius and I'm gonna say I'm
humbled and honored but you're fucking
right and it's genius because I'm
engaging people at a regular human level
not at the level of celebrity or power
there used to be an engaged but when
that allows them to fully open up I'm I
haven't seen it on TV since some shit
like real people hmm
I know I haven't seen revolutionary TV
like The Jeffersons or you know all in
the family or Maude and I think that the
world is getting scary and pussy to be
honest you know not to not to disrespect
pussies because pussies are tough but I
think that something needs to be
dangerous the best compliment I got on
this press run has been like ambrosia
ambrosia forehead said how's it feel to
has a most dangerous show on TV and it's
dangerous because of unites people
doesn't separate people he gives you
alternative
than the ones you thought you had an
unfortunate you to think it doesn't
solve all the problems to wrap it up
pretty at the end gives you some options
to doing some shit to think about ins
and it's funny as fuck and so first if
in dark and I like it I got it imagine
Netflix gave you plenty of room yeah
they weren't trippin man
nitro they don't trip no they don't risk
oh good you know what you doing go ahead
yeah exactly
hey may you walk on the role of fuck I'm
doing but there's smart enough to let
people create their own shit for
stand-up comedy there's no one better in
terms of like interacting with them
about especially you don't have to give
many notes on the material they they
know that you're gonna do your best
estelle yeah they also they can't help
you like no one can help you as a comic
there's not another person like an
executive is gonna help you do your best
you got a you got to be looking at it
yourself ruthlessly
and you'll figure it out so they trust
you yeah so I would assume they did the
same thing with you yeah yeah perfect
beautiful what a world
yeah forever that was the opposite there
was 50 fucking cooks in the kitchen ever
he's pulling you this way yeah you were
to shit fucking theme song you need a
thing you say every week we should talk
about Willis oh my god how's different
strokes
yeah what we're change in that short
amount of time from different strokes
today in the world that's the weird
thing I'm older than you but uh not so
much older we grew up in similar times
I'm 51 yeah you know when we were
children for both of us the world was a
way different place than it is for
children today yeah these kids are being
forced to turbocharge their evolution
and their education they're getting
every kid over the age of like 13 has a
phone
basically the parents hang in there as
long as they can and when the kids 13
here's the whole world you little fuck
yeah good luck and and and in the whole
world at a push of a button where my
grandmother we get encyclopedias every
four years and I couldn't wait to get
the new set cuz you got to read and
learn new information hmm and now
that information is right there but if
they aren't genuinely curious interested
it'll die right well there's also a lot
of things other than that information
it's not just an information device
these fucking apps so these kids are
using back and forth with each other and
games and all right so addictive well
you have this place called outside -
that was amazing outdoor yeah I just man
I'd go and I just I'd be gone for hours
and I returned dirty as fuck having went
on an adventure that was that was
amazing now he now even outdoors is
regulated to some also you worry about
child molesters you do creeps and you do
worry about shit we've almost like heard
too much about what's possible and then
the fact that they're there are really
still child molesters out there they do
exist and we also send them to church
with them mm-hmm so know some of our
worries are exasperated yes yeah for
sure for sure yeah that's one of the
weirdest things ever yeah more than
likely to charmless said she was gonna
happen
definitely the place that's roomy we
should be getting outside again you know
I started I started in hand I said my
man told my wife you know get Michael a
leaf blower just start going back
outside so I started looking for leaf
blowers
but to Jess and I started taking instead
of having my nephew do it because I'm
running around on Twitter she just when
I'm home taking my own trash up and down
it spending some time fucking around in
my yard watching her on and stuff I just
I realized being a rapper and living on
a tour bus how much I had stopped going
outside and you know meanwhile my
cousins are fucking Hager and he's
Georgia you know making hey guy and I'm
just like if it went down tomorrow like
I'd be fucked like I've you know I'm
rusty as a nail in the rain right now so
I just I definitely think there's
something to be said for introducing
your kids to maybe a little more of what
it was like 20 30 years or 30 40 years
ago well just imagine that human beings
lived before houses yeah there was
humans and then they figured out shelter
you know there or it's some kind of
rather some kind of primate and then
that primate figured out shelter and
eventually became a human it's a better
way to describe it but that we live
something like us lived and it hadn't
even figured out roofs yet yeah yeah I
mean I love the watch those videos of
youtubes where it's used
and these people are dark in their agent
so it has to be the India of Southeast
Asia or somewhere but they that you'll
see two dudes they'll just make a
fucking a Hut or something out of mud
they'll make a pool they're just but you
get to see the ingenuity and you
understand if they're there
quote-unquote primitive culture never
does that we never get to skyscrapers
yeah like Jacque fresco talks about that
like there's no nothing new everything
you see is isn't it is an improvement or
some variation of something they've seen
before
yeah so that those you know just a
curiosity to do that or the necessity to
build that shelter you know now now it
gives you Trump Tower well that's where
the dark side of it comes from the dark
side for me is that with with this
innovation that it happens almost
unchecked in terms of our ability our
ability to think about what are the
consequences like what are the
consequences if we keep making things
better and better computers and
artificial life and artificial
intelligence what are the consequences
the consequences are there's no more
this thing there's no more weird pink
monkey thing yeah that thing goes away
because we don't need it anymore now we
got a new life form the new life form is
digital life yeah I mean that's the real
real concern is that just like we are an
evolution of those lower primates it's
going to be an evolution yeah I think
that's what I have I don't think you
know there may not be any avoiding it
but like again we're the virus you know
and this is just one of my thoughts and
me saying unequivocally that but we are
it's just yeah the thing is I like
people this is the other side of it
people are cool Brown way that aliens go
ahead and attack this motherfucker so
white people are black people who cut
the bullshit and finally have to unite
like one great movie of red ox over dude
I think we're gonna get our asses kicked
I'm not saying we're not at least at
least for one time humanity are there
pirates would have to unite like that's
what I'm saying
remember that Reagan speech no you never
heard it Reagan actually said that in he
was I forget whose address you may be
the first person besides him put in the
civil right that I mean the King day you
might give me the only other thing I
like about Ronald Reagan it was very
Street Jimmy said and one of the things
that was really strange about it was
that it's it shot off this gigantic wave
of conspiracy theorists who were
thinking that they're gonna tell us
something
alien contact check this out listen to
this outside universal threat I
occasionally think how quickly our
differences worldwide would vanish if we
were facing an alien threat from outside
this world dude yes I ask you it's not
an alien force already among us what
could be more alien to the universal
aspirations of our peoples than war and
the threat of we'll tell you what -
Ronald Reagan knocked it out of the
fucking park right there that's the way
straight up I have a song called Reagan
many of you know wasn't the biggest fan
of him or many US presidents because I
rapped about more than him in there but
that definitely is gonna make it on a
killer Mike song really that fast you
got it you got this kill Mike and LP we
definitely have anybody think aliens are
gonna come kill us all when they so I'm
gonna maybe suggest to hell hopefully
you use it but if not fucking I'm gonna
do it well that shit is amazing yeah
yeah but do you think that it is
possible that aliens came down and
manipulated the genetics of lower
primates and created people I'm willing
bit based on all the theology I'm
willing to accept it that's a
possibility because I don't think that
we're alone right I just don't there's
nothing even if there's some divine
thing that woke up and decided to make
us and we were special children and we
honorable plant there there had to have
been some other things made of play with
right I don't think that I think it's
very arrogant as a human being to think
that it's just us right and I think that
the possibility that something made it
here and something happened exists
absolutely because if we're
experimenting on animals and things we
got like with my daughter's army the
temperament is mean their curiosity
isn't me like I see I'm looking at
Michael and I'm looking at an eye and
I'm like arguing with an eye is like
arguing with myself she doesn't know why
she acts like that I don't know
now if I can look at my pit bull and say
well her mother acted like this and this
is why I know she's coated this way I
know her father was it then I have to
look at my daughter and save on a
genetic base
23 of my chromosomes I know our
temperaments like that I know why
Michael is not gonna argue she's a smart
kid she's an art student but the minute
you put her in danger she's going to
punch you you know I mean that's what
that's what is gonna be and it's not
gonna be anything else because she is
going to protect her so it's like I have
to think that my curiosity if nothing
else my drive to do this so if you take
the primate side you say well you know
you know that I have to live in one
since I got to survive as wolves as
lions tigers bears out here I have to go
higher that's great show there's
something else which was a very small
input kind of dropped here landed here
and what's crazy you if you look into
Nation of Islam philosophy of sorts they
have a UFO type philosophy something
here in and by their - scientists
created you know all of us went went
went ashore and kind of created two
different races but something could have
come here and it gets here and it says
but if I do this and this and I create
this and then we set upon evolution we
end up here or that just could be you
know me stone haven't watched too many
sci-fi movies but it's possible it is
it's it is possible there's zero
evidence for it but it's certainly
possible that if we could go to another
planet we knew had life that it's
possible if we found some lower primates
that we would manipulate them it's very
possible we do a full survey of another
planet we got there and like okay here's
the good news good news a lot of life
bad news is the most intelligent thing
is basically a chimp but we got some
ideas and we're gonna do is we're gonna
plant some seeds of our genetics in some
of these chimps they're gonna be smarter
than the other chimps and then we're
gonna believe mushrooms everywhere leave
the mushrooms everywhere let the chimp
see mushrooms maybe we're in a fishbowl
maybe yeah cuz again we're at we very
arrogantly think of ourselves as as top
choice but maybe maybe we're just a
virus on this living thing maybe
something maybe you know we say but you
think about we could go extinct
yeah a virus a mass virus could kill us
all yep
sure that's what we're constantly
fighting the earth wouldn't stop but the
other thing about viruses like viruses
wholly negative in our eyes I don't
think we're wholly negative to each
other I don't think a virus thinks is
holding this off what I'm saying is they
eating you up you're having a good party
when you have the flu like dude it's
wrong if this thing is really a living
thing
in the nerf is really a living thing
yeah we are possibly the worst things
for it oh for sure why shouldn't it get
rid of us
other than meteors yeah yeah we're the
worst thing for not just the biological
life but the particulate in the
atmosphere and now we're creating
technology that's gonna eventually kill
us and get rid of us that may be able to
live in harmony with biology
maybe so yeah maybe yeah maybe it's over
for us in a few thousand years it could
be but you know the thing that makes us
fun is the thing that's totally
unnecessary it's the thing that got us
to the dance it's the thing that made us
want to breed and there's the animal
song I gotta piss so bad I get it the
animal side you have to embrace your
primal there's it's there it's a part of
you yeah it's you've existed in this
state for a long time fucking and the
people that came before that were savage
are still yeah you know yeah I always
think that to myself when I hear people
say why did he throw it all away bitch
was hot nature's a crazy gene crazy yeah
and that's the reason why there's seven
billion of us this it's insane drive
this computer code that's in the
backyard is constantly running yeah the
species must survive it must that's
really all we put here to do is
reproduce well we're doing that where
I've been the way I've been describing
is that I feel like we're some sort of
electronic caterpillar that's making the
cocoon we don't even know what the fuck
we're doing and we're about to become a
butterfly we're just making this cocoon
and we're just completely engulfed in it
we're not thinking about it but everyone
does it they all do it that's how I felt
like when I when I when I see all this
stuff getting better and better and more
invasive in your life in the technology
becoming more and more advanced and
everybody obsessed with it that's the
thing I think is like this is eventually
going to be everything it's gonna be way
better than this physical life they're
gonna offer you a life that exists just
like the matrix the matrix sounded like
such horseshit fun fun movie great movie
and shit but like that could never
happen now I think for sure it could
happen a hundred percent it could happen
I see that there's no question if they
could make a world that's better than
this and all you have to do is plug the
back your head to it let's see I think
that's the end um and again if I'm 89
I might say fucking to plug in for
another 80 89 yeah and maybe if they
keep your flesh alive they'll figure out
some way to reverse everything maybe you
know maybe you think I mean but then
then you got to decide who gets a little
get sad I'm not going to Italy different
classes so he thinks go see and then you
got it you got it
catechol to kill your masters mode and
that's what I think happens ultimately
the other thing they say is that as
people get more affluent they have less
children and the population decreases as
the world's economy evens out and so
that we reach like a point where we can
maintain a sustainable population how
does that still happen without mass
genocide or mass sterilization that's a
good question I don't think they're
saying that I think what they're saying
is that as people become more educated
and more affluent and more successful as
more urbanization takes place people
work more and have less children and
when they have less children the
population actually slightly decreases
this is argument but I don't mind fuck
more people who fuck more have more
children not like that just like that's
one of those stats where I'll be like
they might do they might just be talking
about a particular class of people
there's still seven billion people yeah
there's still some people who live
mostly for under twenty two thousand a
year yeah and usually every time
development comes it exploits them yes
so like where does the balance out of
influence coming like I know there's one
country now that's doing a universal pay
for people so are we going to talk about
point because when you go to like is
does that happen is that is that it
we've gone the universal pay well
Universal pay would be fine for was
universal effort if everybody to put out
the same amount of effort I would agree
with everyone getting say no I'm not
saying on four against that I'm just
saying how do you maintain how does it
how does it happen at everybody all of a
sudden it's that fluent without mass
genocide or sterilization but I think
the idea is that as urban and this is
not my theory for sure
but I've read it the ideas as the world
becomes more urbanized and more educated
and more wealthy as a city spread out
what happens is less those people have
kids and they have less kids this is
just a that doesn't work I don't know if
it works or not but I know that this is
an actual study right see if you can
find that people are vain as fuck some
people are
yeah most people are but but the overall
humans once people have serious careers
like the man and the woman have a
serious career they both of them are
like really invested in their career
they generally tend to have less kids
and when this is the idea is that as
this people I don't know it's a solution
I think it's a good solution I'm
obsessed with work that's one of the
things what did the rest of the world's
just not that sounds like I'm still
talking about America like like poor
people are fucking man you know again I
just goes back to me like I hear those
studies show but you got to say to
yourself how do you handle the other
four billion people I think the argument
is and this is not my argument or do
they go they keep they keep expanding is
that these cities in these urban areas
that as the society sort of evens out
globally whether it takes a thousand
years or a hundred years as things start
to even out people will be more like Los
Angeles and less less less like poor
places Calcutta
yeah but that's like but what I'm saying
it's like poor places in Calcutta you
got a bunch of people walking that's
pumped in it's noise it could be Los
Angeles you got small you got traffic
you got stretching that mic there's -
those are two different extremes that
that just seem weird like I'm just
saying you know sometimes I just feel
like maybe we're at the point it ain't
no turning around we might be ya just
cuz we got 7 billion people we might be
but we also might not be and I think
it's not a bad time to be optimistic
because as people look for better and
better solutions yeah but but like
Jacque fresco in The Venus Project songs
about moneyless society is a rather
radical change of what our political
states and things of that nature Chomsky
talks about you know essentially all all
countries essentially now no matter when
or Eastern and all the darkies and shit
mhm so like what's the radical departure
from this thing that saves at all your
mind like what's the Joe Rogan United
Nations speech well I think people are
more aware of the flaws of the system
than they ever have been any generation
previous okay I think when you look at
kids from the 70s and the 80s I don't
think they were nearly as educated as to
how truly fucked up this country is and
but also yet truly amazing in terms of
like the history of the world but has
plenty to pretty to improve on
probably will I think people are getting
better at life they're getting better at
all all the things and government will
come along with it I think we're gonna
get better at things we understand each
other better we communicate better is
I'm optimistic and I think with all
these incredibly intelligent people that
are looking at the problems in the world
in terms of carbon in the atmosphere or
pollution in the ocean people are
already starting to work on solutions I
got I'm really optimistic that that it's
there's at least the potential for
someone to figure out some solutions to
some of these problems overpopulation is
always going to be a weird one because
you don't have the right to tell people
how many kids they can have yeah cuz who
like if you meet somebody he's got ten
kids and the most fuckin amazing family
ever what what what are you gonna say
yeah it's bad
they have 10 amazing kids everybody's
great you go over the house it's all
love yeah what the fuck why is that bad
you tell so so people are good but only
a certain amount yeah yeah that's where
it gets weird but but it's not a cut and
dry issue it's not a 1 or a 0 it's like
yeah there are too many people and yeah
you probably shouldn't have ten kids but
you got a fucking awesome family so hey
have a good night man yeah what the fuck
to do yeah yeah yeah you know you know
Jess it just speaking as you know just
that's a lot of the brown people
it's just scenario Justin's everywhere
well for us so I'm always always check
it out you can't tell you just always
watching you've got up saying this this
that scenario usually doesn't go good
telling people how many kids they can
have kids oh fuck it happens like it
happens when you think about you think
about countries where refugees are
pouring into analogous just put up
illegal sterilizations and yep you start
to see you start to see where countries
with sterilized and refugees that are
coming in it's crazy and it's scary it's
terrifying and and and I don't want my
country to become that like I remember
countries have sterilized people as
they've come in I've read a story about
it once that they did that to some
refugee somewhere but I can't remember
where it was I can't remember you should
probably know so yeah well I am country
accused of sterilizing refugees maybe
that was just a rumor
maybe it's what the snow is is not a
problem I could imagine that happening
here not saying I'd say what some
people if they had their way yeah like
and that's scared to think about that
these are the people we put in power
like you know what was cool to me about
well miss Ellison taught me she was like
she was a teacher she had one leg right
she and she wore like a curly malaria
mold Three Stooges she wore the like the
little mushroom hairstyle crows and she
was mean a shit man like goddamn she was
mean but this lady talked the fucking
she taught civics and when she taught
about how even if your parents weren't
naturalized they weren't citizens if you
were just born on US soil you got a shot
you know you were a citizen now just
like damn that's amazing because when
you think about at that time we had
learned about I think in history the
Irish and their plight to be here and
things of that nature just like man this
country gives you a fucking shot and
this is like when America was rather
this is in the middle of Public Enemy
errant shit but there was something to
be admired in it like James Baldwin had
an adoration for America that many
people didn't even know he ended up
dying you know as he's living in France
I think the expectation the dream that
American tells you mentorship is amazing
it can be and to know that that was the
possibility then and now my kids don't
think like that my kids are dead in the
middle of keeping people out that shit
is fucking weird so in my lifetime I'm
scared too that's something I might see
happen in this country
that's how afraid I am right now with
shit going fucked up that's what I mean
when I say when you say well we'll have
a government or a world one day where
people will be a more affluent well in
capitalism even though I'm a capitalist
you know I try to practice compassion
capitalism and capitalism capitalism
requires someone gets snookered does it
really the way we practice it absolutely
ideally you shouldn't be more like
Milton Friedman in the free market right
what Thomas all talk about but not we as
in you and I yeah but we you and I
engage in capitalism yeah you and I
engagement of capitalism was a lot more
fair than what countries are doing okay
with one another large gifts it's tough
yeah okay which that's why I say the
current system of capitalist there's
nothing wrong with you being able to buy
that beautiful Jeep outside based on the
work you've done your work ethic will
determine your worth is written in a
window of my barber shop
I really mean it right your work ethic
so determine with you were even if
there's no such thing as money if you
plow your fields you're gonna be more
battle for so long as the rain gives you
something
may I ask you this you think it's the
system of capitalism itself that has the
flaws in it or is it human nature I
think I desire to exploit things I think
it's human nature unchecked in that
system
mmm okay you know I think that allowing
marijuana to become legal should not
have allowed the type of Taxation that's
been allowed in California well Colorado
was at one point in time was 39% yeah
what is it in California I don't know
but it's high enough that I've seen the
house a week go from about $150 to 320
bucks I think that's terrible but I
would like it if all that money went to
a good purpose but we know it's not yeah
that's it you know that's there in every
land where it should it never does what
it's supposed to do that's what I'm
that's that's what I'm getting - that's
why I say it when I say you know I want
to be that guy with usually go good for
probably just because we just like god
fucking damn yeah like why isn't good
happening in the immediate because so
much money is pushed into the immediate
well if we does become legal worldwide
its entire mean countrywide it's
entirely possible that it's gonna
stimulate economies in a lot of very
poor places it's gonna have some real
positive benefit I agree but but but it
what what I'm saying about capitalism is
why are we not ensuring that the people
who have suffered since 1937 have a fair
shot right we've allowed so many laws to
come in with marijuana legalization that
it does not allow for the small
businessman to have the type of
ingenuity is set up that a small liquor
store had at in the Prohibition right or
bar you know Jamie was telling me that
in Ohio they were setting it up so they
were trying to make it legal but only
two guys can grow it to enormous
corporations that was the bill right is
that word to me I believe it might have
been for it wasn't a lot some small
amount of people they were the only ones
who could say no we know that's fucked
up
that's so crazy they didn't even ask for
that we know this fucked up when it
should just be you are allowed to grow
it with a with that
a hundred-dollar state federal tax yes a
state tax down you have a state tax have
100 bucks you can grow up to 3 acres of
marijuana BAM love it love it perfect
love it do your shit grow it then the
growers have to buy from you so if a
farmer wants to make a collective before
the farmers they're making a collective
but we shouldn't be able to allow that
type of domination because essentially
then you're just giving people you know
monopolies of sorts you know yeah so
it's it's like I just I don't trust us
to be on our shit enough with the people
we leave in charge right well it also it
wouldn't make sense in any other
relationship and any of the relationship
we're all someone is saying is if I let
you sell something you give me a certain
percentage because you're basically
saying that all of this the frameworks
of our government and the cities roads
that you drive on all that stuff takes
money to maintain yeah we're just gonna
take a little piece no they take a 39
percent yeah that's so much you should
but if that 39 percent went all to
public schools and paying teachers more
money and paying cops and paying firemen
and community centers but beyond just
pain kids son of a former cop cousin of
current cops policemen should be from
areas that they're policing or areas
like those they should be offered no
interest loans to live at and around
those communities teachers should be
also and the fire department they should
almost hold a special place because of
the nobility of those jobs and how
important they are we also should do
stuff like tax freezes once you retire
whatever your taxes are once you retire
at 65 years old we should knock maybe 10
20 percent off and that's what you pay
until you die you know I mean we should
do everything we can to make the class
of people you're saying about affluence
possible and we're not doing it like
that's I guess that's the only button
I'm pushing when I seem cuz I'm a very
optimistic person but my pessimism my
pessimism comes more from the lack of
what I've seen us be willing to do to
make sure that one another treated
fairly then I have seen for right you
know
I'm saying like I refuse to disavow you
know what I mean two things estrus an
attitude doing that people will evolve
that attitude so we realize how
important cooperation really is a do we
though without being attacked by some of
us some of us do some of us do you do
absolutely and I do if there's people
that do and it takes a heart it's a hard
knock into your head to really let it
sink in yeah but once you do let it sink
in and you live your life that way
reciprocity and friendship for all and
camaraderie I'm so rich your life it's a
better life absolutely the problem is
people aren't taught it they're not
taught it enough they're not taught it
in men are taught to face each other to
hate each other and hate on each other
and look at each other in a with a
famine mentality or just lie mentality
that's like the lamest shit alive that
is why the opposite is beautiful the
obstacle your uplifting people and like
you you've give out thirty five shout
outs yeah dude that's what it's all
about man that makes me feel better than
these people like you out there love
makes people feel better when they
listen to your music and they enjoy it
that you're this guy behind it that's
not taking any of this for granted and
you're running with this shit absolutely
I appreciate it it's beautiful man love
it
dude we just did three hours it felt
like three good three to thirty 20
minutes it was incredible yeah I was
hanging in there tight but listen man
I'm a big fan I'm honored beautiful for
me I enjoyed it very much and I love
your shit I'll tell you tell people how
to get you online I'm just killing Mike
online ki ll er hey he Instagram Twitter
all that shit yeah I don't go to my
facebook that's one of my kids running
that shit okay so don't send titty pics
thank you brother appreciated mouthpiece
[Music]
[Applause]